Round 1
Costs
Player1Name=Mignucci Bernard
Player2Name=Honoré Jean-Christophe
baseDuplicateGameCost=5.0E14
baseRandomCost=0.0
baseBWBalanceCost=0.0
mainCategoryCost=0.0
mainScoreDiffCost=0.0
mainDUDDCost=0.0
mainSeedCost=0.0
secHandiCost=0
secGeoCost=0.0
totalCost=5.0E14
Player1Name=Mignucci Bernard
Player2Name=Guerre-Genton Philippe
baseDuplicateGameCost=5.0E14
baseRandomCost=0.0
baseBWBalanceCost=0.0
mainCategoryCost=0.0
mainScoreDiffCost=0.0
mainDUDDCost=0.0
mainSeedCost=0.0
secHandiCost=0
secGeoCost=0.0
totalCost=5.0E14
Player1Name=Mignucci Bernard
Player2Name=Ladet Jean-Pierre
baseDuplicateGameCost=5.0E14
baseRandomCost=0.0
baseBWBalanceCost=0.0
mainCategoryCost=0.0
mainScoreDiffCost=0.0
mainDUDDCost=0.0
mainSeedCost=0.0
secHandiCost=7
secGeoCost=0.0
totalCost=5.0E14
Player1Name=Mignucci Bernard
Player2Name=Berreby Monique
baseDuplicateGameCost=5.0E14
baseRandomCost=0.0
baseBWBalanceCost=0.0
mainCategoryCost=0.0
mainScoreDiffCost=0.0
mainDUDDCost=0.0
mainSeedCost=0.0
secHandiCost=0
secGeoCost=0.0
totalCost=5.0E14
Player1Name=Mignucci Bernard
Player2Name=Butaud Rémi
baseDuplicateGameCost=5.0E14
baseRandomCost=0.0
baseBWBalanceCost=0.0
mainCategoryCost=0.0
mainScoreDiffCost=0.0
mainDUDDCost=0.0
mainSeedCost=0.0
secHandiCost=4
secGeoCost=0.0
totalCost=5.0E14
Player1Name=Mignucci Bernard
Player2Name=Feldmann Denis
baseDuplicateGameCost=5.0E14
baseRandomCost=0.0
baseBWBalanceCost=0.0
mainCategoryCost=0.0
mainScoreDiffCost=0.0
mainDUDDCost=0.0
mainSeedCost=0.0
secHandiCost=0
secGeoCost=0.0
totalCost=5.0E14
Player1Name=Mignucci Bernard
Player2Name=Cornuejols Dominique
baseDuplicateGameCost=5.0E14
baseRandomCost=0.0
baseBWBalanceCost=0.0
mainCategoryCost=0.0
mainScoreDiffCost=0.0
mainDUDDCost=0.0
mainSeedCost=0.0
secHandiCost=0
secGeoCost=0.0
totalCost=5.0E14
Player1Name=Mignucci Bernard
Player2Name=Habuda Stephan
baseDuplicateGameCost=5.0E14
baseRandomCost=0.0
baseBWBalanceCost=0.0
mainCategoryCost=0.0
mainScoreDiffCost=0.0
mainDUDDCost=0.0
mainSeedCost=0.0
secHandiCost=6
secGeoCost=0.0
totalCost=5.0E14
Player1Name=Mignucci Bernard
Player2Name=Martin-Vallas Bruno
baseDuplicateGameCost=5.0E14
baseRandomCost=0.0
baseBWBalanceCost=0.0
mainCategoryCost=0.0
mainScoreDiffCost=0.0
mainDUDDCost=0.0
mainSeedCost=0.0
secHandiCost=7
secGeoCost=0.0
totalCost=5.0E14
Player1Name=Mignucci Bernard
Player2Name=Gaillard Jean-Luc
baseDuplicateGameCost=5.0E14
baseRandomCost=0.0
baseBWBalanceCost=0.0
mainCategoryCost=0.0
mainScoreDiffCost=0.0
mainDUDDCost=0.0
mainSeedCost=0.0
secHandiCost=5
secGeoCost=0.0
totalCost=5.0E14
Player1Name=Mignucci Bernard
Player2Name=Habart Gilles
baseDuplicateGameCost=5.0E14
baseRandomCost=0.0
baseBWBalanceCost=0.0
mainCategoryCost=0.0
mainScoreDiffCost=0.0
mainDUDDCost=0.0
mainSeedCost=0.0
secHandiCost=3
secGeoCost=0.0
totalCost=5.0E14
Player1Name=Mignucci Bernard
Player2Name=Hubert Jérôme
baseDuplicateGameCost=5.0E14
baseRandomCost=0.0
baseBWBalanceCost=0.0
mainCategoryCost=0.0
mainScoreDiffCost=0.0
mainDUDDCost=0.0
mainSeedCost=0.0
secHandiCost=0
secGeoCost=0.0
totalCost=5.0E14
Player1Name=Mignucci Bernard
Player2Name=Batailler Philippe
baseDuplicateGameCost=5.0E14
baseRandomCost=0.0
baseBWBalanceCost=0.0
mainCategoryCost=0.0
mainScoreDiffCost=0.0
mainDUDDCost=0.0
mainSeedCost=0.0
secHandiCost=0
secGeoCost=0.0
totalCost=5.0E14
Player1Name=Mignucci Bernard
Player2Name=Grimond Philippe
baseDuplicateGameCost=5.0E14
baseRandomCost=0.0
baseBWBalanceCost=0.0
mainCategoryCost=0.0
mainScoreDiffCost=0.0
mainDUDDCost=0.0
mainSeedCost=0.0
secHandiCost=3
secGeoCost=0.0
totalCost=5.0E14
Player1Name=Mignucci Bernard
Player2Name=Neant Fabrice
baseDuplicateGameCost=5.0E14
baseRandomCost=0.0
baseBWBalanceCost=0.0
mainCategoryCost=0.0
mainScoreDiffCost=0.0
mainDUDDCost=0.0
mainSeedCost=0.0
secHandiCost=3
secGeoCost=0.0
totalCost=5.0E14
Player1Name=Mignucci Bernard
Player2Name=Jollivet Guy
baseDuplicateGameCost=5.0E14
baseRandomCost=0.0
baseBWBalanceCost=0.0
mainCategoryCost=0.0
mainScoreDiffCost=0.0
mainDUDDCost=0.0
mainSeedCost=4569919.0
secHandiCost=9
secGeoCost=0.0
totalCost=5.00000004569919E14
Player1Name=Mignucci Bernard
Player2Name=Dupré William
baseDuplicateGameCost=5.0E14
baseRandomCost=0.0
baseBWBalanceCost=0.0
mainCategoryCost=0.0
mainScoreDiffCost=0.0
mainDUDDCost=0.0
mainSeedCost=4315359.0
secHandiCost=9
secGeoCost=0.0
totalCost=5.00000004315359E14
Player1Name=Mignucci Bernard
Player2Name=Guillou Marc
baseDuplicateGameCost=5.0E14
baseRandomCost=0.0
baseBWBalanceCost=0.0
mainCategoryCost=0.0
mainScoreDiffCost=0.0
mainDUDDCost=0.0
mainSeedCost=4200016.0
secHandiCost=0
secGeoCost=0.0
totalCost=5.00000004200016E14
Player1Name=Mignucci Bernard
Player2Name=Jegou Marc
baseDuplicateGameCost=5.0E14
baseRandomCost=0.0
baseBWBalanceCost=0.0
mainCategoryCost=0.0
mainScoreDiffCost=0.0
mainDUDDCost=0.0
mainSeedCost=4779449.0
secHandiCost=7
secGeoCost=0.0
totalCost=5.00000004779449E14
Player1Name=Mignucci Bernard
Player2Name=Martin Yvan
baseDuplicateGameCost=5.0E14
baseRandomCost=0.0
baseBWBalanceCost=0.0
mainCategoryCost=0.0
mainScoreDiffCost=0.0
mainDUDDCost=0.0
mainSeedCost=4761012.0
secHandiCost=0
secGeoCost=0.0
totalCost=5.00000004761012E14
Player1Name=Mignucci Bernard
Player2Name=Born Véronique
baseDuplicateGameCost=5.0E14
baseRandomCost=0.0
baseBWBalanceCost=0.0
mainCategoryCost=0.0
mainScoreDiffCost=0.0
mainDUDDCost=0.0
mainSeedCost=4035862.0
secHandiCost=9
secGeoCost=0.0
totalCost=5.00000004035862E14
Player1Name=Mignucci Bernard
Player2Name=Bonis Michel
baseDuplicateGameCost=5.0E14
baseRandomCost=0.0
baseBWBalanceCost=0.0
mainCategoryCost=0.0
mainScoreDiffCost=0.0
mainDUDDCost=0.0
mainSeedCost=4903541.0
secHandiCost=3
secGeoCost=0.0
totalCost=5.00000004903541E14
Player1Name=Mignucci Bernard
Player2Name=Boyart Christian
baseDuplicateGameCost=5.0E14
baseRandomCost=0.0
baseBWBalanceCost=0.0
mainCategoryCost=0.0
mainScoreDiffCost=0.0
mainDUDDCost=0.0
mainSeedCost=4061936.0
secHandiCost=2
secGeoCost=0.0
totalCost=5.00000004061936E14
Player1Name=Mignucci Bernard
Player2Name=Lamôle Laurent
baseDuplicateGameCost=5.0E14
baseRandomCost=0.0
baseBWBalanceCost=0.0
mainCategoryCost=0.0
mainScoreDiffCost=0.0
mainDUDDCost=0.0
mainSeedCost=4148511.0
secHandiCost=0
secGeoCost=0.0
totalCost=5.00000004148511E14
Player1Name=Mignucci Bernard
Player2Name=Eon Serge
baseDuplicateGameCost=5.0E14
baseRandomCost=0.0
baseBWBalanceCost=0.0
mainCategoryCost=0.0
mainScoreDiffCost=0.0
mainDUDDCost=0.0
mainSeedCost=4340098.0
secHandiCost=1
secGeoCost=0.0
totalCost=5.00000004340098E14
Player1Name=Mignucci Bernard
Player2Name=Gajdos Chantal
baseDuplicateGameCost=5.0E14
baseRandomCost=0.0
baseBWBalanceCost=0.0
mainCategoryCost=0.0
mainScoreDiffCost=0.0
mainDUDDCost=0.0
mainSeedCost=4940440.0
secHandiCost=1
secGeoCost=0.0
totalCost=5.0000000494044E14
Player1Name=Mignucci Bernard
Player2Name=Baratou Paul
baseDuplicateGameCost=5.0E14
baseRandomCost=0.0
baseBWBalanceCost=0.0
mainCategoryCost=0.0
mainScoreDiffCost=0.0
mainDUDDCost=0.0
mainSeedCost=4446618.0
secHandiCost=0
secGeoCost=0.0
totalCost=5.00000004446618E14
Player1Name=Mignucci Bernard
Player2Name=Mizessyn François
baseDuplicateGameCost=5.0E14
baseRandomCost=0.0
baseBWBalanceCost=0.0
mainCategoryCost=0.0
mainScoreDiffCost=0.0
mainDUDDCost=0.0
mainSeedCost=4807818.0
secHandiCost=0
secGeoCost=0.0
totalCost=5.00000004807818E14
Player1Name=Mignucci Bernard
Player2Name=Donzet Frédéric
baseDuplicateGameCost=5.0E14
baseRandomCost=0.0
baseBWBalanceCost=0.0
mainCategoryCost=0.0
mainScoreDiffCost=0.0
mainDUDDCost=0.0
mainSeedCost=4878110.0
secHandiCost=0
secGeoCost=0.0
totalCost=5.0000000487811E14
Player1Name=Mignucci Bernard
Player2Name=Giovanni Nicita
baseDuplicateGameCost=5.0E14
baseRandomCost=0.0
baseBWBalanceCost=0.0
mainCategoryCost=0.0
mainScoreDiffCost=0.0
mainDUDDCost=0.0
mainSeedCost=4008157.0
secHandiCost=6
secGeoCost=0.0
totalCost=5.00000004008157E14
Player1Name=Mignucci Bernard
Player2Name=Brisson Claude
baseDuplicateGameCost=5.0E14
baseRandomCost=0.0
baseBWBalanceCost=0.0
mainCategoryCost=0.0
mainScoreDiffCost=0.0
mainDUDDCost=0.0
mainSeedCost=4693665.0
secHandiCost=3
secGeoCost=0.0
totalCost=5.00000004693665E14
Player1Name=Honoré Jean-Christophe
Player2Name=Guerre-Genton Philippe
baseDuplicateGameCost=5.0E14
baseRandomCost=0.0
baseBWBalanceCost=0.0
mainCategoryCost=0.0
mainScoreDiffCost=0.0
mainDUDDCost=0.0
mainSeedCost=0.0
secHandiCost=0
secGeoCost=0.0
totalCost=5.0E14
Player1Name=Honoré Jean-Christophe
Player2Name=Ladet Jean-Pierre
baseDuplicateGameCost=5.0E14
baseRandomCost=0.0
baseBWBalanceCost=0.0
mainCategoryCost=0.0
mainScoreDiffCost=0.0
mainDUDDCost=0.0
mainSeedCost=0.0
secHandiCost=7
secGeoCost=0.0
totalCost=5.0E14
Player1Name=Honoré Jean-Christophe
Player2Name=Berreby Monique
baseDuplicateGameCost=5.0E14
baseRandomCost=0.0
baseBWBalanceCost=0.0
mainCategoryCost=0.0
mainScoreDiffCost=0.0
mainDUDDCost=0.0
mainSeedCost=0.0
secHandiCost=0
secGeoCost=0.0
totalCost=5.0E14
Player1Name=Honoré Jean-Christophe
Player2Name=Butaud Rémi
baseDuplicateGameCost=5.0E14
baseRandomCost=0.0
baseBWBalanceCost=0.0
mainCategoryCost=0.0
mainScoreDiffCost=0.0
mainDUDDCost=0.0
mainSeedCost=0.0
secHandiCost=4
secGeoCost=0.0
totalCost=5.0E14
Player1Name=Honoré Jean-Christophe
Player2Name=Feldmann Denis
baseDuplicateGameCost=5.0E14
baseRandomCost=0.0
baseBWBalanceCost=0.0
mainCategoryCost=0.0
mainScoreDiffCost=0.0
mainDUDDCost=0.0
mainSeedCost=0.0
secHandiCost=0
secGeoCost=0.0
totalCost=5.0E14
Player1Name=Honoré Jean-Christophe
Player2Name=Cornuejols Dominique
baseDuplicateGameCost=5.0E14
baseRandomCost=0.0
baseBWBalanceCost=0.0
mainCategoryCost=0.0
mainScoreDiffCost=0.0
mainDUDDCost=0.0
mainSeedCost=0.0
secHandiCost=0
secGeoCost=0.0
totalCost=5.0E14
Player1Name=Honoré Jean-Christophe
Player2Name=Habuda Stephan
baseDuplicateGameCost=5.0E14
baseRandomCost=0.0
baseBWBalanceCost=0.0
mainCategoryCost=0.0
mainScoreDiffCost=0.0
mainDUDDCost=0.0
mainSeedCost=0.0
secHandiCost=6
secGeoCost=0.0
totalCost=5.0E14
Player1Name=Honoré Jean-Christophe
Player2Name=Martin-Vallas Bruno
baseDuplicateGameCost=5.0E14
baseRandomCost=0.0
baseBWBalanceCost=0.0
mainCategoryCost=0.0
mainScoreDiffCost=0.0
mainDUDDCost=0.0
mainSeedCost=0.0
secHandiCost=7
secGeoCost=0.0
totalCost=5.0E14
Player1Name=Honoré Jean-Christophe
Player2Name=Gaillard Jean-Luc
baseDuplicateGameCost=5.0E14
baseRandomCost=0.0
baseBWBalanceCost=0.0
mainCategoryCost=0.0
mainScoreDiffCost=0.0
mainDUDDCost=0.0
mainSeedCost=0.0
secHandiCost=5
secGeoCost=0.0
totalCost=5.0E14
Player1Name=Honoré Jean-Christophe
Player2Name=Habart Gilles
baseDuplicateGameCost=5.0E14
baseRandomCost=0.0
baseBWBalanceCost=0.0
mainCategoryCost=0.0
mainScoreDiffCost=0.0
mainDUDDCost=0.0
mainSeedCost=0.0
secHandiCost=3
secGeoCost=0.0
totalCost=5.0E14
Player1Name=Honoré Jean-Christophe
Player2Name=Hubert Jérôme
baseDuplicateGameCost=5.0E14
baseRandomCost=0.0
baseBWBalanceCost=0.0
mainCategoryCost=0.0
mainScoreDiffCost=0.0
mainDUDDCost=0.0
mainSeedCost=0.0
secHandiCost=0
secGeoCost=0.0
totalCost=5.0E14
Player1Name=Honoré Jean-Christophe
Player2Name=Batailler Philippe
baseDuplicateGameCost=5.0E14
baseRandomCost=0.0
baseBWBalanceCost=0.0
mainCategoryCost=0.0
mainScoreDiffCost=0.0
mainDUDDCost=0.0
mainSeedCost=0.0
secHandiCost=0
secGeoCost=0.0
totalCost=5.0E14
Player1Name=Honoré Jean-Christophe
Player2Name=Grimond Philippe
baseDuplicateGameCost=5.0E14
baseRandomCost=0.0
baseBWBalanceCost=0.0
mainCategoryCost=0.0
mainScoreDiffCost=0.0
mainDUDDCost=0.0
mainSeedCost=0.0
secHandiCost=3
secGeoCost=0.0
totalCost=5.0E14
Player1Name=Honoré Jean-Christophe
Player2Name=Neant Fabrice
baseDuplicateGameCost=5.0E14
baseRandomCost=0.0
baseBWBalanceCost=0.0
mainCategoryCost=0.0
mainScoreDiffCost=0.0
mainDUDDCost=0.0
mainSeedCost=0.0
secHandiCost=3
secGeoCost=0.0
totalCost=5.0E14
Player1Name=Honoré Jean-Christophe
Player2Name=Jollivet Guy
baseDuplicateGameCost=5.0E14
baseRandomCost=0.0
baseBWBalanceCost=0.0
mainCategoryCost=0.0
mainScoreDiffCost=0.0
mainDUDDCost=0.0
mainSeedCost=4510131.0
secHandiCost=9
secGeoCost=0.0
totalCost=5.00000004510131E14
Player1Name=Honoré Jean-Christophe
Player2Name=Dupré William
baseDuplicateGameCost=5.0E14
baseRandomCost=0.0
baseBWBalanceCost=0.0
mainCategoryCost=0.0
mainScoreDiffCost=0.0
mainDUDDCost=0.0
mainSeedCost=4737608.0
secHandiCost=9
secGeoCost=0.0
totalCost=5.00000004737608E14
Player1Name=Honoré Jean-Christophe
Player2Name=Guillou Marc
baseDuplicateGameCost=5.0E14
baseRandomCost=0.0
baseBWBalanceCost=0.0
mainCategoryCost=0.0
mainScoreDiffCost=0.0
mainDUDDCost=0.0
mainSeedCost=4080571.0
secHandiCost=0
secGeoCost=0.0
totalCost=5.00000004080571E14
Player1Name=Honoré Jean-Christophe
Player2Name=Jegou Marc
baseDuplicateGameCost=5.0E14
baseRandomCost=0.0
baseBWBalanceCost=0.0
mainCategoryCost=0.0
mainScoreDiffCost=0.0
mainDUDDCost=0.0
mainSeedCost=4850698.0
secHandiCost=7
secGeoCost=0.0
totalCost=5.00000004850698E14
Player1Name=Honoré Jean-Christophe
Player2Name=Martin Yvan
baseDuplicateGameCost=5.0E14
baseRandomCost=0.0
baseBWBalanceCost=0.0
mainCategoryCost=0.0
mainScoreDiffCost=0.0
mainDUDDCost=0.0
mainSeedCost=4748948.0
secHandiCost=0
secGeoCost=0.0
totalCost=5.00000004748948E14
Player1Name=Honoré Jean-Christophe
Player2Name=Born Véronique
baseDuplicateGameCost=5.0E14
baseRandomCost=0.0
baseBWBalanceCost=0.0
mainCategoryCost=0.0
mainScoreDiffCost=0.0
mainDUDDCost=0.0
mainSeedCost=4999805.0
secHandiCost=9
secGeoCost=0.0
totalCost=5.00000004999805E14
Player1Name=Honoré Jean-Christophe
Player2Name=Bonis Michel
baseDuplicateGameCost=5.0E14
baseRandomCost=0.0
baseBWBalanceCost=0.0
mainCategoryCost=0.0
mainScoreDiffCost=0.0
mainDUDDCost=0.0
mainSeedCost=4784096.0
secHandiCost=3
secGeoCost=0.0
totalCost=5.00000004784096E14
Player1Name=Honoré Jean-Christophe
Player2Name=Boyart Christian
baseDuplicateGameCost=5.0E14
baseRandomCost=0.0
baseBWBalanceCost=0.0
mainCategoryCost=0.0
mainScoreDiffCost=0.0
mainDUDDCost=0.0
mainSeedCost=4109265.0
secHandiCost=2
secGeoCost=0.0
totalCost=5.00000004109265E14
Player1Name=Honoré Jean-Christophe
Player2Name=Lamôle Laurent
baseDuplicateGameCost=5.0E14
baseRandomCost=0.0
baseBWBalanceCost=0.0
mainCategoryCost=0.0
mainScoreDiffCost=0.0
mainDUDDCost=0.0
mainSeedCost=4915079.0
secHandiCost=0
secGeoCost=0.0
totalCost=5.00000004915079E14
Player1Name=Honoré Jean-Christophe
Player2Name=Eon Serge
baseDuplicateGameCost=5.0E14
baseRandomCost=0.0
baseBWBalanceCost=0.0
mainCategoryCost=0.0
mainScoreDiffCost=0.0
mainDUDDCost=0.0
mainSeedCost=4595573.0
secHandiCost=1
secGeoCost=0.0
totalCost=5.00000004595573E14
Player1Name=Honoré Jean-Christophe
Player2Name=Gajdos Chantal
baseDuplicateGameCost=5.0E14
baseRandomCost=0.0
baseBWBalanceCost=0.0
mainCategoryCost=0.0
mainScoreDiffCost=0.0
mainDUDDCost=0.0
mainSeedCost=4904382.0
secHandiCost=1
secGeoCost=0.0
totalCost=5.00000004904382E14
Player1Name=Honoré Jean-Christophe
Player2Name=Baratou Paul
baseDuplicateGameCost=5.0E14
baseRandomCost=0.0
baseBWBalanceCost=0.0
mainCategoryCost=0.0
mainScoreDiffCost=0.0
mainDUDDCost=0.0
mainSeedCost=4327173.0
secHandiCost=0
secGeoCost=0.0
totalCost=5.00000004327173E14
Player1Name=Honoré Jean-Christophe
Player2Name=Mizessyn François
baseDuplicateGameCost=5.0E14
baseRandomCost=0.0
baseBWBalanceCost=0.0
mainCategoryCost=0.0
mainScoreDiffCost=0.0
mainDUDDCost=0.0
mainSeedCost=4340193.0
secHandiCost=0
secGeoCost=0.0
totalCost=5.00000004340193E14
Player1Name=Honoré Jean-Christophe
Player2Name=Donzet Frédéric
baseDuplicateGameCost=5.0E14
baseRandomCost=0.0
baseBWBalanceCost=0.0
mainCategoryCost=0.0
mainScoreDiffCost=0.0
mainDUDDCost=0.0
mainSeedCost=4383745.0
secHandiCost=0
secGeoCost=0.0
totalCost=5.00000004383745E14
Player1Name=Honoré Jean-Christophe
Player2Name=Giovanni Nicita
baseDuplicateGameCost=5.0E14
baseRandomCost=0.0
baseBWBalanceCost=0.0
mainCategoryCost=0.0
mainScoreDiffCost=0.0
mainDUDDCost=0.0
mainSeedCost=4513793.0
secHandiCost=6
secGeoCost=0.0
totalCost=5.00000004513793E14
Player1Name=Honoré Jean-Christophe
Player2Name=Brisson Claude
baseDuplicateGameCost=5.0E14
baseRandomCost=0.0
baseBWBalanceCost=0.0
mainCategoryCost=0.0
mainScoreDiffCost=0.0
mainDUDDCost=0.0
mainSeedCost=4657607.0
secHandiCost=3
secGeoCost=0.0
totalCost=5.00000004657607E14
Player1Name=Guerre-Genton Philippe
Player2Name=Ladet Jean-Pierre
baseDuplicateGameCost=5.0E14
baseRandomCost=0.0
baseBWBalanceCost=0.0
mainCategoryCost=0.0
mainScoreDiffCost=0.0
mainDUDDCost=0.0
mainSeedCost=0.0
secHandiCost=9
secGeoCost=0.0
totalCost=5.0E14
Player1Name=Guerre-Genton Philippe
Player2Name=Berreby Monique
baseDuplicateGameCost=5.0E14
baseRandomCost=0.0
baseBWBalanceCost=0.0
mainCategoryCost=0.0
mainScoreDiffCost=0.0
mainDUDDCost=0.0
mainSeedCost=0.0
secHandiCost=0
secGeoCost=0.0
totalCost=5.0E14
Player1Name=Guerre-Genton Philippe
Player2Name=Butaud Rémi
baseDuplicateGameCost=5.0E14
baseRandomCost=0.0
baseBWBalanceCost=0.0
mainCategoryCost=0.0
mainScoreDiffCost=0.0
mainDUDDCost=0.0
mainSeedCost=0.0
secHandiCost=6
secGeoCost=0.0
totalCost=5.0E14
Player1Name=Guerre-Genton Philippe
Player2Name=Feldmann Denis
baseDuplicateGameCost=5.0E14
baseRandomCost=0.0
baseBWBalanceCost=0.0
mainCategoryCost=0.0
mainScoreDiffCost=0.0
mainDUDDCost=0.0
mainSeedCost=0.0
secHandiCost=0
secGeoCost=0.0
totalCost=5.0E14
Player1Name=Guerre-Genton Philippe
Player2Name=Cornuejols Dominique
baseDuplicateGameCost=5.0E14
baseRandomCost=0.0
baseBWBalanceCost=0.0
mainCategoryCost=0.0
mainScoreDiffCost=0.0
mainDUDDCost=0.0
mainSeedCost=0.0
secHandiCost=0
secGeoCost=0.0
totalCost=5.0E14
Player1Name=Guerre-Genton Philippe
Player2Name=Habuda Stephan
baseDuplicateGameCost=5.0E14
baseRandomCost=0.0
baseBWBalanceCost=0.0
mainCategoryCost=0.0
mainScoreDiffCost=0.0
mainDUDDCost=0.0
mainSeedCost=0.0
secHandiCost=8
secGeoCost=0.0
totalCost=5.0E14
Player1Name=Guerre-Genton Philippe
Player2Name=Martin-Vallas Bruno
baseDuplicateGameCost=5.0E14
baseRandomCost=0.0
baseBWBalanceCost=0.0
mainCategoryCost=0.0
mainScoreDiffCost=0.0
mainDUDDCost=0.0
mainSeedCost=0.0
secHandiCost=9
secGeoCost=0.0
totalCost=5.0E14
Player1Name=Guerre-Genton Philippe
Player2Name=Gaillard Jean-Luc
baseDuplicateGameCost=5.0E14
baseRandomCost=0.0
baseBWBalanceCost=0.0
mainCategoryCost=0.0
mainScoreDiffCost=0.0
mainDUDDCost=0.0
mainSeedCost=0.0
secHandiCost=7
secGeoCost=0.0
totalCost=5.0E14
Player1Name=Guerre-Genton Philippe
Player2Name=Habart Gilles
baseDuplicateGameCost=5.0E14
baseRandomCost=0.0
baseBWBalanceCost=0.0
mainCategoryCost=0.0
mainScoreDiffCost=0.0
mainDUDDCost=0.0
mainSeedCost=0.0
secHandiCost=5
secGeoCost=0.0
totalCost=5.0E14
Player1Name=Guerre-Genton Philippe
Player2Name=Hubert Jérôme
baseDuplicateGameCost=5.0E14
baseRandomCost=0.0
baseBWBalanceCost=0.0
mainCategoryCost=0.0
mainScoreDiffCost=0.0
mainDUDDCost=0.0
mainSeedCost=0.0
secHandiCost=0
secGeoCost=0.0
totalCost=5.0E14
Player1Name=Guerre-Genton Philippe
Player2Name=Batailler Philippe
baseDuplicateGameCost=5.0E14
baseRandomCost=0.0
baseBWBalanceCost=0.0
mainCategoryCost=0.0
mainScoreDiffCost=0.0
mainDUDDCost=0.0
mainSeedCost=0.0
secHandiCost=1
secGeoCost=0.0
totalCost=5.0E14
Player1Name=Guerre-Genton Philippe
Player2Name=Grimond Philippe
baseDuplicateGameCost=5.0E14
baseRandomCost=0.0
baseBWBalanceCost=0.0
mainCategoryCost=0.0
mainScoreDiffCost=0.0
mainDUDDCost=0.0
mainSeedCost=0.0
secHandiCost=5
secGeoCost=0.0
totalCost=5.0E14
Player1Name=Guerre-Genton Philippe
Player2Name=Neant Fabrice
baseDuplicateGameCost=5.0E14
baseRandomCost=0.0
baseBWBalanceCost=0.0
mainCategoryCost=0.0
mainScoreDiffCost=0.0
mainDUDDCost=0.0
mainSeedCost=0.0
secHandiCost=5
secGeoCost=0.0
totalCost=5.0E14
Player1Name=Guerre-Genton Philippe
Player2Name=Jollivet Guy
baseDuplicateGameCost=5.0E14
baseRandomCost=0.0
baseBWBalanceCost=0.0
mainCategoryCost=0.0
mainScoreDiffCost=0.0
mainDUDDCost=0.0
mainSeedCost=4446318.0
secHandiCost=9
secGeoCost=0.0
totalCost=5.00000004446318E14
Player1Name=Guerre-Genton Philippe
Player2Name=Dupré William
baseDuplicateGameCost=5.0E14
baseRandomCost=0.0
baseBWBalanceCost=0.0
mainCategoryCost=0.0
mainScoreDiffCost=0.0
mainDUDDCost=0.0
mainSeedCost=4977537.0
secHandiCost=9
secGeoCost=0.0
totalCost=5.00000004977537E14
Player1Name=Guerre-Genton Philippe
Player2Name=Guillou Marc
baseDuplicateGameCost=5.0E14
baseRandomCost=0.0
baseBWBalanceCost=0.0
mainCategoryCost=0.0
mainScoreDiffCost=0.0
mainDUDDCost=0.0
mainSeedCost=4987839.0
secHandiCost=2
secGeoCost=0.0
totalCost=5.00000004987839E14
Player1Name=Guerre-Genton Philippe
Player2Name=Jegou Marc
baseDuplicateGameCost=5.0E14
baseRandomCost=0.0
baseBWBalanceCost=0.0
mainCategoryCost=0.0
mainScoreDiffCost=0.0
mainDUDDCost=0.0
mainSeedCost=4786885.0
secHandiCost=9
secGeoCost=0.0
totalCost=5.00000004786885E14
Player1Name=Guerre-Genton Philippe
Player2Name=Martin Yvan
baseDuplicateGameCost=5.0E14
baseRandomCost=0.0
baseBWBalanceCost=0.0
mainCategoryCost=0.0
mainScoreDiffCost=0.0
mainDUDDCost=0.0
mainSeedCost=4685135.0
secHandiCost=2
secGeoCost=0.0
totalCost=5.00000004685135E14
Player1Name=Guerre-Genton Philippe
Player2Name=Born Véronique
baseDuplicateGameCost=5.0E14
baseRandomCost=0.0
baseBWBalanceCost=0.0
mainCategoryCost=0.0
mainScoreDiffCost=0.0
mainDUDDCost=0.0
mainSeedCost=4560973.0
secHandiCost=9
secGeoCost=0.0
totalCost=5.00000004560973E14
Player1Name=Guerre-Genton Philippe
Player2Name=Bonis Michel
baseDuplicateGameCost=5.0E14
baseRandomCost=0.0
baseBWBalanceCost=0.0
mainCategoryCost=0.0
mainScoreDiffCost=0.0
mainDUDDCost=0.0
mainSeedCost=4702785.0
secHandiCost=5
secGeoCost=0.0
totalCost=5.00000004702785E14
Player1Name=Guerre-Genton Philippe
Player2Name=Boyart Christian
baseDuplicateGameCost=5.0E14
baseRandomCost=0.0
baseBWBalanceCost=0.0
mainCategoryCost=0.0
mainScoreDiffCost=0.0
mainDUDDCost=0.0
mainSeedCost=4312913.0
secHandiCost=4
secGeoCost=0.0
totalCost=5.00000004312913E14
Player1Name=Guerre-Genton Philippe
Player2Name=Lamôle Laurent
baseDuplicateGameCost=5.0E14
baseRandomCost=0.0
baseBWBalanceCost=0.0
mainCategoryCost=0.0
mainScoreDiffCost=0.0
mainDUDDCost=0.0
mainSeedCost=4851266.0
secHandiCost=1
secGeoCost=0.0
totalCost=5.00000004851266E14
Player1Name=Guerre-Genton Philippe
Player2Name=Eon Serge
baseDuplicateGameCost=5.0E14
baseRandomCost=0.0
baseBWBalanceCost=0.0
mainCategoryCost=0.0
mainScoreDiffCost=0.0
mainDUDDCost=0.0
mainSeedCost=4550543.0
secHandiCost=3
secGeoCost=0.0
totalCost=5.00000004550543E14
Player1Name=Guerre-Genton Philippe
Player2Name=Gajdos Chantal
baseDuplicateGameCost=5.0E14
baseRandomCost=0.0
baseBWBalanceCost=0.0
mainCategoryCost=0.0
mainScoreDiffCost=0.0
mainDUDDCost=0.0
mainSeedCost=4465550.0
secHandiCost=3
secGeoCost=0.0
totalCost=5.0000000446555E14
Player1Name=Guerre-Genton Philippe
Player2Name=Baratou Paul
baseDuplicateGameCost=5.0E14
baseRandomCost=0.0
baseBWBalanceCost=0.0
mainCategoryCost=0.0
mainScoreDiffCost=0.0
mainDUDDCost=0.0
mainSeedCost=4245862.0
secHandiCost=0
secGeoCost=0.0
totalCost=5.00000004245862E14
Player1Name=Guerre-Genton Philippe
Player2Name=Mizessyn François
baseDuplicateGameCost=5.0E14
baseRandomCost=0.0
baseBWBalanceCost=0.0
mainCategoryCost=0.0
mainScoreDiffCost=0.0
mainDUDDCost=0.0
mainSeedCost=4276380.0
secHandiCost=0
secGeoCost=0.0
totalCost=5.0000000427638E14
Player1Name=Guerre-Genton Philippe
Player2Name=Donzet Frédéric
baseDuplicateGameCost=5.0E14
baseRandomCost=0.0
baseBWBalanceCost=0.0
mainCategoryCost=0.0
mainScoreDiffCost=0.0
mainDUDDCost=0.0
mainSeedCost=4266153.0
secHandiCost=0
secGeoCost=0.0
totalCost=5.00000004266153E14
Player1Name=Guerre-Genton Philippe
Player2Name=Giovanni Nicita
baseDuplicateGameCost=5.0E14
baseRandomCost=0.0
baseBWBalanceCost=0.0
mainCategoryCost=0.0
mainScoreDiffCost=0.0
mainDUDDCost=0.0
mainSeedCost=4396201.0
secHandiCost=8
secGeoCost=0.0
totalCost=5.00000004396201E14
Player1Name=Guerre-Genton Philippe
Player2Name=Brisson Claude
baseDuplicateGameCost=5.0E14
baseRandomCost=0.0
baseBWBalanceCost=0.0
mainCategoryCost=0.0
mainScoreDiffCost=0.0
mainDUDDCost=0.0
mainSeedCost=4218775.0
secHandiCost=5
secGeoCost=0.0
totalCost=5.00000004218775E14
Player1Name=Ladet Jean-Pierre
Player2Name=Berreby Monique
baseDuplicateGameCost=5.0E14
baseRandomCost=0.0
baseBWBalanceCost=0.0
mainCategoryCost=0.0
mainScoreDiffCost=0.0
mainDUDDCost=0.0
mainSeedCost=0.0
secHandiCost=0
secGeoCost=0.0
totalCost=5.0E14
Player1Name=Ladet Jean-Pierre
Player2Name=Butaud Rémi
baseDuplicateGameCost=5.0E14
baseRandomCost=0.0
baseBWBalanceCost=0.0
mainCategoryCost=0.0
mainScoreDiffCost=0.0
mainDUDDCost=0.0
mainSeedCost=0.0
secHandiCost=0
secGeoCost=0.0
totalCost=5.0E14
Player1Name=Ladet Jean-Pierre
Player2Name=Feldmann Denis
baseDuplicateGameCost=5.0E14
baseRandomCost=0.0
baseBWBalanceCost=0.0
mainCategoryCost=0.0
mainScoreDiffCost=0.0
mainDUDDCost=0.0
mainSeedCost=0.0
secHandiCost=0
secGeoCost=0.0
totalCost=5.0E14
Player1Name=Ladet Jean-Pierre
Player2Name=Cornuejols Dominique
baseDuplicateGameCost=5.0E14
baseRandomCost=0.0
baseBWBalanceCost=0.0
mainCategoryCost=0.0
mainScoreDiffCost=0.0
mainDUDDCost=0.0
mainSeedCost=0.0
secHandiCost=0
secGeoCost=0.0
totalCost=5.0E14
Player1Name=Ladet Jean-Pierre
Player2Name=Habuda Stephan
baseDuplicateGameCost=5.0E14
baseRandomCost=0.0
baseBWBalanceCost=0.0
mainCategoryCost=0.0
mainScoreDiffCost=0.0
mainDUDDCost=0.0
mainSeedCost=0.0
secHandiCost=0
secGeoCost=0.0
totalCost=5.0E14
Player1Name=Ladet Jean-Pierre
Player2Name=Martin-Vallas Bruno
baseDuplicateGameCost=5.0E14
baseRandomCost=0.0
baseBWBalanceCost=0.0
mainCategoryCost=0.0
mainScoreDiffCost=0.0
mainDUDDCost=0.0
mainSeedCost=0.0
secHandiCost=0
secGeoCost=0.0
totalCost=5.0E14
Player1Name=Ladet Jean-Pierre
Player2Name=Gaillard Jean-Luc
baseDuplicateGameCost=5.0E14
baseRandomCost=0.0
baseBWBalanceCost=0.0
mainCategoryCost=0.0
mainScoreDiffCost=0.0
mainDUDDCost=0.0
mainSeedCost=0.0
secHandiCost=0
secGeoCost=0.0
totalCost=5.0E14
Player1Name=Ladet Jean-Pierre
Player2Name=Habart Gilles
baseDuplicateGameCost=5.0E14
baseRandomCost=0.0
baseBWBalanceCost=0.0
mainCategoryCost=0.0
mainScoreDiffCost=0.0
mainDUDDCost=0.0
mainSeedCost=0.0
secHandiCost=0
secGeoCost=0.0
totalCost=5.0E14
Player1Name=Ladet Jean-Pierre
Player2Name=Hubert Jérôme
baseDuplicateGameCost=5.0E14
baseRandomCost=0.0
baseBWBalanceCost=0.0
mainCategoryCost=0.0
mainScoreDiffCost=0.0
mainDUDDCost=0.0
mainSeedCost=0.0
secHandiCost=0
secGeoCost=0.0
totalCost=5.0E14
Player1Name=Ladet Jean-Pierre
Player2Name=Batailler Philippe
baseDuplicateGameCost=5.0E14
baseRandomCost=0.0
baseBWBalanceCost=0.0
mainCategoryCost=0.0
mainScoreDiffCost=0.0
mainDUDDCost=0.0
mainSeedCost=0.0
secHandiCost=0
secGeoCost=0.0
totalCost=5.0E14
Player1Name=Ladet Jean-Pierre
Player2Name=Grimond Philippe
baseDuplicateGameCost=5.0E14
baseRandomCost=0.0
baseBWBalanceCost=0.0
mainCategoryCost=0.0
mainScoreDiffCost=0.0
mainDUDDCost=0.0
mainSeedCost=0.0
secHandiCost=0
secGeoCost=0.0
totalCost=5.0E14
Player1Name=Ladet Jean-Pierre
Player2Name=Neant Fabrice
baseDuplicateGameCost=5.0E14
baseRandomCost=0.0
baseBWBalanceCost=0.0
mainCategoryCost=0.0
mainScoreDiffCost=0.0
mainDUDDCost=0.0
mainSeedCost=0.0
secHandiCost=0
secGeoCost=0.0
totalCost=5.0E14
Player1Name=Ladet Jean-Pierre
Player2Name=Jollivet Guy
baseDuplicateGameCost=5.0E14
baseRandomCost=0.0
baseBWBalanceCost=0.0
mainCategoryCost=0.0
mainScoreDiffCost=0.0
mainDUDDCost=0.0
mainSeedCost=4640924.0
secHandiCost=8
secGeoCost=0.0
totalCost=5.00000004640924E14
Player1Name=Ladet Jean-Pierre
Player2Name=Dupré William
baseDuplicateGameCost=5.0E14
baseRandomCost=0.0
baseBWBalanceCost=0.0
mainCategoryCost=0.0
mainScoreDiffCost=0.0
mainDUDDCost=0.0
mainSeedCost=4904851.0
secHandiCost=9
secGeoCost=0.0
totalCost=5.00000004904851E14
Player1Name=Ladet Jean-Pierre
Player2Name=Guillou Marc
baseDuplicateGameCost=5.0E14
baseRandomCost=0.0
baseBWBalanceCost=0.0
mainCategoryCost=0.0
mainScoreDiffCost=0.0
mainDUDDCost=0.0
mainSeedCost=4271021.0
secHandiCost=0
secGeoCost=0.0
totalCost=5.00000004271021E14
Player1Name=Ladet Jean-Pierre
Player2Name=Jegou Marc
baseDuplicateGameCost=5.0E14
baseRandomCost=0.0
baseBWBalanceCost=0.0
mainCategoryCost=0.0
mainScoreDiffCost=0.0
mainDUDDCost=0.0
mainSeedCost=4813481.0
secHandiCost=0
secGeoCost=0.0
totalCost=5.00000004813481E14
Player1Name=Ladet Jean-Pierre
Player2Name=Martin Yvan
baseDuplicateGameCost=5.0E14
baseRandomCost=0.0
baseBWBalanceCost=0.0
mainCategoryCost=0.0
mainScoreDiffCost=0.0
mainDUDDCost=0.0
mainSeedCost=4342715.0
secHandiCost=0
secGeoCost=0.0
totalCost=5.00000004342715E14
Player1Name=Ladet Jean-Pierre
Player2Name=Born Véronique
baseDuplicateGameCost=5.0E14
baseRandomCost=0.0
baseBWBalanceCost=0.0
mainCategoryCost=0.0
mainScoreDiffCost=0.0
mainDUDDCost=0.0
mainSeedCost=4143840.0
secHandiCost=9
secGeoCost=0.0
totalCost=5.0000000414384E14
Player1Name=Ladet Jean-Pierre
Player2Name=Bonis Michel
baseDuplicateGameCost=5.0E14
baseRandomCost=0.0
baseBWBalanceCost=0.0
mainCategoryCost=0.0
mainScoreDiffCost=0.0
mainDUDDCost=0.0
mainSeedCost=4974546.0
secHandiCost=0
secGeoCost=0.0
totalCost=5.00000004974546E14
Player1Name=Ladet Jean-Pierre
Player2Name=Boyart Christian
baseDuplicateGameCost=5.0E14
baseRandomCost=0.0
baseBWBalanceCost=0.0
mainCategoryCost=0.0
mainScoreDiffCost=0.0
mainDUDDCost=0.0
mainSeedCost=4206887.0
secHandiCost=0
secGeoCost=0.0
totalCost=5.00000004206887E14
Player1Name=Ladet Jean-Pierre
Player2Name=Lamôle Laurent
baseDuplicateGameCost=5.0E14
baseRandomCost=0.0
baseBWBalanceCost=0.0
mainCategoryCost=0.0
mainScoreDiffCost=0.0
mainDUDDCost=0.0
mainSeedCost=4343728.0
secHandiCost=0
secGeoCost=0.0
totalCost=5.00000004343728E14
Player1Name=Ladet Jean-Pierre
Player2Name=Eon Serge
baseDuplicateGameCost=5.0E14
baseRandomCost=0.0
baseBWBalanceCost=0.0
mainCategoryCost=0.0
mainScoreDiffCost=0.0
mainDUDDCost=0.0
mainSeedCost=4855644.0
secHandiCost=0
secGeoCost=0.0
totalCost=5.00000004855644E14
Player1Name=Ladet Jean-Pierre
Player2Name=Gajdos Chantal
baseDuplicateGameCost=5.0E14
baseRandomCost=0.0
baseBWBalanceCost=0.0
mainCategoryCost=0.0
mainScoreDiffCost=0.0
mainDUDDCost=0.0
mainSeedCost=4048417.0
secHandiCost=0
secGeoCost=0.0
totalCost=5.00000004048417E14
Player1Name=Ladet Jean-Pierre
Player2Name=Baratou Paul
baseDuplicateGameCost=5.0E14
baseRandomCost=0.0
baseBWBalanceCost=0.0
mainCategoryCost=0.0
mainScoreDiffCost=0.0
mainDUDDCost=0.0
mainSeedCost=4517623.0
secHandiCost=0
secGeoCost=0.0
totalCost=5.00000004517623E14
Player1Name=Ladet Jean-Pierre
Player2Name=Mizessyn François
baseDuplicateGameCost=5.0E14
baseRandomCost=0.0
baseBWBalanceCost=0.0
mainCategoryCost=0.0
mainScoreDiffCost=0.0
mainDUDDCost=0.0
mainSeedCost=4777419.0
secHandiCost=0
secGeoCost=0.0
totalCost=5.00000004777419E14
Player1Name=Ladet Jean-Pierre
Player2Name=Donzet Frédéric
baseDuplicateGameCost=5.0E14
baseRandomCost=0.0
baseBWBalanceCost=0.0
mainCategoryCost=0.0
mainScoreDiffCost=0.0
mainDUDDCost=0.0
mainSeedCost=4504574.0
secHandiCost=0
secGeoCost=0.0
totalCost=5.00000004504574E14
Player1Name=Ladet Jean-Pierre
Player2Name=Giovanni Nicita
baseDuplicateGameCost=5.0E14
baseRandomCost=0.0
baseBWBalanceCost=0.0
mainCategoryCost=0.0
mainScoreDiffCost=0.0
mainDUDDCost=0.0
mainSeedCost=4634622.0
secHandiCost=0
secGeoCost=0.0
totalCost=5.00000004634622E14
Player1Name=Ladet Jean-Pierre
Player2Name=Brisson Claude
baseDuplicateGameCost=5.0E14
baseRandomCost=0.0
baseBWBalanceCost=0.0
mainCategoryCost=0.0
mainScoreDiffCost=0.0
mainDUDDCost=0.0
mainSeedCost=4801643.0
secHandiCost=0
secGeoCost=0.0
totalCost=5.00000004801643E14
Player1Name=Berreby Monique
Player2Name=Butaud Rémi
baseDuplicateGameCost=5.0E14
baseRandomCost=0.0
baseBWBalanceCost=0.0
mainCategoryCost=0.0
mainScoreDiffCost=0.0
mainDUDDCost=0.0
mainSeedCost=0.0
secHandiCost=5
secGeoCost=0.0
totalCost=5.0E14
Player1Name=Berreby Monique
Player2Name=Feldmann Denis
baseDuplicateGameCost=5.0E14
baseRandomCost=0.0
baseBWBalanceCost=0.0
mainCategoryCost=0.0
mainScoreDiffCost=0.0
mainDUDDCost=0.0
mainSeedCost=0.0
secHandiCost=0
secGeoCost=0.0
totalCost=5.0E14
Player1Name=Berreby Monique
Player2Name=Cornuejols Dominique
baseDuplicateGameCost=5.0E14
baseRandomCost=0.0
baseBWBalanceCost=0.0
mainCategoryCost=0.0
mainScoreDiffCost=0.0
mainDUDDCost=0.0
mainSeedCost=0.0
secHandiCost=0
secGeoCost=0.0
totalCost=5.0E14
Player1Name=Berreby Monique
Player2Name=Habuda Stephan
baseDuplicateGameCost=5.0E14
baseRandomCost=0.0
baseBWBalanceCost=0.0
mainCategoryCost=0.0
mainScoreDiffCost=0.0
mainDUDDCost=0.0
mainSeedCost=0.0
secHandiCost=7
secGeoCost=0.0
totalCost=5.0E14
Player1Name=Berreby Monique
Player2Name=Martin-Vallas Bruno
baseDuplicateGameCost=5.0E14
baseRandomCost=0.0
baseBWBalanceCost=0.0
mainCategoryCost=0.0
mainScoreDiffCost=0.0
mainDUDDCost=0.0
mainSeedCost=0.0
secHandiCost=8
secGeoCost=0.0
totalCost=5.0E14
Player1Name=Berreby Monique
Player2Name=Gaillard Jean-Luc
baseDuplicateGameCost=5.0E14
baseRandomCost=0.0
baseBWBalanceCost=0.0
mainCategoryCost=0.0
mainScoreDiffCost=0.0
mainDUDDCost=0.0
mainSeedCost=0.0
secHandiCost=6
secGeoCost=0.0
totalCost=5.0E14
Player1Name=Berreby Monique
Player2Name=Habart Gilles
baseDuplicateGameCost=5.0E14
baseRandomCost=0.0
baseBWBalanceCost=0.0
mainCategoryCost=0.0
mainScoreDiffCost=0.0
mainDUDDCost=0.0
mainSeedCost=0.0
secHandiCost=4
secGeoCost=0.0
totalCost=5.0E14
Player1Name=Berreby Monique
Player2Name=Hubert Jérôme
baseDuplicateGameCost=5.0E14
baseRandomCost=0.0
baseBWBalanceCost=0.0
mainCategoryCost=0.0
mainScoreDiffCost=0.0
mainDUDDCost=0.0
mainSeedCost=0.0
secHandiCost=0
secGeoCost=0.0
totalCost=5.0E14
Player1Name=Berreby Monique
Player2Name=Batailler Philippe
baseDuplicateGameCost=5.0E14
baseRandomCost=0.0
baseBWBalanceCost=0.0
mainCategoryCost=0.0
mainScoreDiffCost=0.0
mainDUDDCost=0.0
mainSeedCost=0.0
secHandiCost=0
secGeoCost=0.0
totalCost=5.0E14
Player1Name=Berreby Monique
Player2Name=Grimond Philippe
baseDuplicateGameCost=5.0E14
baseRandomCost=0.0
baseBWBalanceCost=0.0
mainCategoryCost=0.0
mainScoreDiffCost=0.0
mainDUDDCost=0.0
mainSeedCost=0.0
secHandiCost=4
secGeoCost=0.0
totalCost=5.0E14
Player1Name=Berreby Monique
Player2Name=Neant Fabrice
baseDuplicateGameCost=5.0E14
baseRandomCost=0.0
baseBWBalanceCost=0.0
mainCategoryCost=0.0
mainScoreDiffCost=0.0
mainDUDDCost=0.0
mainSeedCost=0.0
secHandiCost=4
secGeoCost=0.0
totalCost=5.0E14
Player1Name=Berreby Monique
Player2Name=Jollivet Guy
baseDuplicateGameCost=5.0E14
baseRandomCost=0.0
baseBWBalanceCost=0.0
mainCategoryCost=0.0
mainScoreDiffCost=0.0
mainDUDDCost=0.0
mainSeedCost=4462902.0
secHandiCost=9
secGeoCost=0.0
totalCost=5.00000004462902E14
Player1Name=Berreby Monique
Player2Name=Dupré William
baseDuplicateGameCost=5.0E14
baseRandomCost=0.0
baseBWBalanceCost=0.0
mainCategoryCost=0.0
mainScoreDiffCost=0.0
mainDUDDCost=0.0
mainSeedCost=4622212.0
secHandiCost=9
secGeoCost=0.0
totalCost=5.00000004622212E14
Player1Name=Berreby Monique
Player2Name=Guillou Marc
baseDuplicateGameCost=5.0E14
baseRandomCost=0.0
baseBWBalanceCost=0.0
mainCategoryCost=0.0
mainScoreDiffCost=0.0
mainDUDDCost=0.0
mainSeedCost=4313453.0
secHandiCost=1
secGeoCost=0.0
totalCost=5.00000004313453E14
Player1Name=Berreby Monique
Player2Name=Jegou Marc
baseDuplicateGameCost=5.0E14
baseRandomCost=0.0
baseBWBalanceCost=0.0
mainCategoryCost=0.0
mainScoreDiffCost=0.0
mainDUDDCost=0.0
mainSeedCost=4819657.0
secHandiCost=8
secGeoCost=0.0
totalCost=5.00000004819657E14
Player1Name=Berreby Monique
Player2Name=Martin Yvan
baseDuplicateGameCost=5.0E14
baseRandomCost=0.0
baseBWBalanceCost=0.0
mainCategoryCost=0.0
mainScoreDiffCost=0.0
mainDUDDCost=0.0
mainSeedCost=4592357.0
secHandiCost=1
secGeoCost=0.0
totalCost=5.00000004592357E14
Player1Name=Berreby Monique
Player2Name=Born Véronique
baseDuplicateGameCost=5.0E14
baseRandomCost=0.0
baseBWBalanceCost=0.0
mainCategoryCost=0.0
mainScoreDiffCost=0.0
mainDUDDCost=0.0
mainSeedCost=4877810.0
secHandiCost=9
secGeoCost=0.0
totalCost=5.0000000487781E14
Player1Name=Berreby Monique
Player2Name=Bonis Michel
baseDuplicateGameCost=5.0E14
baseRandomCost=0.0
baseBWBalanceCost=0.0
mainCategoryCost=0.0
mainScoreDiffCost=0.0
mainDUDDCost=0.0
mainSeedCost=4535118.0
secHandiCost=4
secGeoCost=0.0
totalCost=5.00000004535118E14
Player1Name=Berreby Monique
Player2Name=Boyart Christian
baseDuplicateGameCost=5.0E14
baseRandomCost=0.0
baseBWBalanceCost=0.0
mainCategoryCost=0.0
mainScoreDiffCost=0.0
mainDUDDCost=0.0
mainSeedCost=4797883.0
secHandiCost=3
secGeoCost=0.0
totalCost=5.00000004797883E14
Player1Name=Berreby Monique
Player2Name=Lamôle Laurent
baseDuplicateGameCost=5.0E14
baseRandomCost=0.0
baseBWBalanceCost=0.0
mainCategoryCost=0.0
mainScoreDiffCost=0.0
mainDUDDCost=0.0
mainSeedCost=4727323.0
secHandiCost=0
secGeoCost=0.0
totalCost=5.00000004727323E14
Player1Name=Berreby Monique
Player2Name=Eon Serge
baseDuplicateGameCost=5.0E14
baseRandomCost=0.0
baseBWBalanceCost=0.0
mainCategoryCost=0.0
mainScoreDiffCost=0.0
mainDUDDCost=0.0
mainSeedCost=4283771.0
secHandiCost=2
secGeoCost=0.0
totalCost=5.00000004283771E14
Player1Name=Berreby Monique
Player2Name=Gajdos Chantal
baseDuplicateGameCost=5.0E14
baseRandomCost=0.0
baseBWBalanceCost=0.0
mainCategoryCost=0.0
mainScoreDiffCost=0.0
mainDUDDCost=0.0
mainSeedCost=4522637.0
secHandiCost=2
secGeoCost=0.0
totalCost=5.00000004522637E14
Player1Name=Berreby Monique
Player2Name=Baratou Paul
baseDuplicateGameCost=5.0E14
baseRandomCost=0.0
baseBWBalanceCost=0.0
mainCategoryCost=0.0
mainScoreDiffCost=0.0
mainDUDDCost=0.0
mainSeedCost=4265559.0
secHandiCost=0
secGeoCost=0.0
totalCost=5.00000004265559E14
Player1Name=Berreby Monique
Player2Name=Mizessyn François
baseDuplicateGameCost=5.0E14
baseRandomCost=0.0
baseBWBalanceCost=0.0
mainCategoryCost=0.0
mainScoreDiffCost=0.0
mainDUDDCost=0.0
mainSeedCost=4764444.0
secHandiCost=0
secGeoCost=0.0
totalCost=5.00000004764444E14
Player1Name=Berreby Monique
Player2Name=Donzet Frédéric
baseDuplicateGameCost=5.0E14
baseRandomCost=0.0
baseBWBalanceCost=0.0
mainCategoryCost=0.0
mainScoreDiffCost=0.0
mainDUDDCost=0.0
mainSeedCost=4088204.0
secHandiCost=0
secGeoCost=0.0
totalCost=5.00000004088204E14
Player1Name=Berreby Monique
Player2Name=Giovanni Nicita
baseDuplicateGameCost=5.0E14
baseRandomCost=0.0
baseBWBalanceCost=0.0
mainCategoryCost=0.0
mainScoreDiffCost=0.0
mainDUDDCost=0.0
mainSeedCost=4431020.0
secHandiCost=7
secGeoCost=0.0
totalCost=5.0000000443102E14
Player1Name=Berreby Monique
Player2Name=Brisson Claude
baseDuplicateGameCost=5.0E14
baseRandomCost=0.0
baseBWBalanceCost=0.0
mainCategoryCost=0.0
mainScoreDiffCost=0.0
mainDUDDCost=0.0
mainSeedCost=4770277.0
secHandiCost=4
secGeoCost=0.0
totalCost=5.00000004770277E14
Player1Name=Butaud Rémi
Player2Name=Feldmann Denis
baseDuplicateGameCost=5.0E14
baseRandomCost=0.0
baseBWBalanceCost=0.0
mainCategoryCost=0.0
mainScoreDiffCost=0.0
mainDUDDCost=0.0
mainSeedCost=0.0
secHandiCost=0
secGeoCost=0.0
totalCost=5.0E14
Player1Name=Butaud Rémi
Player2Name=Cornuejols Dominique
baseDuplicateGameCost=5.0E14
baseRandomCost=0.0
baseBWBalanceCost=0.0
mainCategoryCost=0.0
mainScoreDiffCost=0.0
mainDUDDCost=0.0
mainSeedCost=0.0
secHandiCost=0
secGeoCost=0.0
totalCost=5.0E14
Player1Name=Butaud Rémi
Player2Name=Habuda Stephan
baseDuplicateGameCost=5.0E14
baseRandomCost=0.0
baseBWBalanceCost=0.0
mainCategoryCost=0.0
mainScoreDiffCost=0.0
mainDUDDCost=0.0
mainSeedCost=0.0
secHandiCost=1
secGeoCost=0.0
totalCost=5.0E14
Player1Name=Butaud Rémi
Player2Name=Martin-Vallas Bruno
baseDuplicateGameCost=5.0E14
baseRandomCost=0.0
baseBWBalanceCost=0.0
mainCategoryCost=0.0
mainScoreDiffCost=0.0
mainDUDDCost=0.0
mainSeedCost=0.0
secHandiCost=2
secGeoCost=0.0
totalCost=5.0E14
Player1Name=Butaud Rémi
Player2Name=Gaillard Jean-Luc
baseDuplicateGameCost=5.0E14
baseRandomCost=0.0
baseBWBalanceCost=0.0
mainCategoryCost=0.0
mainScoreDiffCost=0.0
mainDUDDCost=0.0
mainSeedCost=0.0
secHandiCost=0
secGeoCost=0.0
totalCost=5.0E14
Player1Name=Butaud Rémi
Player2Name=Habart Gilles
baseDuplicateGameCost=5.0E14
baseRandomCost=0.0
baseBWBalanceCost=0.0
mainCategoryCost=0.0
mainScoreDiffCost=0.0
mainDUDDCost=0.0
mainSeedCost=0.0
secHandiCost=0
secGeoCost=0.0
totalCost=5.0E14
Player1Name=Butaud Rémi
Player2Name=Hubert Jérôme
baseDuplicateGameCost=5.0E14
baseRandomCost=0.0
baseBWBalanceCost=0.0
mainCategoryCost=0.0
mainScoreDiffCost=0.0
mainDUDDCost=0.0
mainSeedCost=0.0
secHandiCost=0
secGeoCost=0.0
totalCost=5.0E14
Player1Name=Butaud Rémi
Player2Name=Batailler Philippe
baseDuplicateGameCost=5.0E14
baseRandomCost=0.0
baseBWBalanceCost=0.0
mainCategoryCost=0.0
mainScoreDiffCost=0.0
mainDUDDCost=0.0
mainSeedCost=0.0
secHandiCost=0
secGeoCost=0.0
totalCost=5.0E14
Player1Name=Butaud Rémi
Player2Name=Grimond Philippe
baseDuplicateGameCost=5.0E14
baseRandomCost=0.0
baseBWBalanceCost=0.0
mainCategoryCost=0.0
mainScoreDiffCost=0.0
mainDUDDCost=0.0
mainSeedCost=0.0
secHandiCost=0
secGeoCost=0.0
totalCost=5.0E14
Player1Name=Butaud Rémi
Player2Name=Neant Fabrice
baseDuplicateGameCost=5.0E14
baseRandomCost=0.0
baseBWBalanceCost=0.0
mainCategoryCost=0.0
mainScoreDiffCost=0.0
mainDUDDCost=0.0
mainSeedCost=0.0
secHandiCost=0
secGeoCost=0.0
totalCost=5.0E14
Player1Name=Butaud Rémi
Player2Name=Jollivet Guy
baseDuplicateGameCost=5.0E14
baseRandomCost=0.0
baseBWBalanceCost=0.0
mainCategoryCost=0.0
mainScoreDiffCost=0.0
mainDUDDCost=0.0
mainSeedCost=4232859.0
secHandiCost=9
secGeoCost=0.0
totalCost=5.00000004232859E14
Player1Name=Butaud Rémi
Player2Name=Dupré William
baseDuplicateGameCost=5.0E14
baseRandomCost=0.0
baseBWBalanceCost=0.0
mainCategoryCost=0.0
mainScoreDiffCost=0.0
mainDUDDCost=0.0
mainSeedCost=4242201.0
secHandiCost=9
secGeoCost=0.0
totalCost=5.00000004242201E14
Player1Name=Butaud Rémi
Player2Name=Guillou Marc
baseDuplicateGameCost=5.0E14
baseRandomCost=0.0
baseBWBalanceCost=0.0
mainCategoryCost=0.0
mainScoreDiffCost=0.0
mainDUDDCost=0.0
mainSeedCost=4688571.0
secHandiCost=0
secGeoCost=0.0
totalCost=5.00000004688571E14
Player1Name=Butaud Rémi
Player2Name=Jegou Marc
baseDuplicateGameCost=5.0E14
baseRandomCost=0.0
baseBWBalanceCost=0.0
mainCategoryCost=0.0
mainScoreDiffCost=0.0
mainDUDDCost=0.0
mainSeedCost=4456007.0
secHandiCost=2
secGeoCost=0.0
totalCost=5.00000004456007E14
Player1Name=Butaud Rémi
Player2Name=Martin Yvan
baseDuplicateGameCost=5.0E14
baseRandomCost=0.0
baseBWBalanceCost=0.0
mainCategoryCost=0.0
mainScoreDiffCost=0.0
mainDUDDCost=0.0
mainSeedCost=4585536.0
secHandiCost=0
secGeoCost=0.0
totalCost=5.00000004585536E14
Player1Name=Butaud Rémi
Player2Name=Born Véronique
baseDuplicateGameCost=5.0E14
baseRandomCost=0.0
baseBWBalanceCost=0.0
mainCategoryCost=0.0
mainScoreDiffCost=0.0
mainDUDDCost=0.0
mainSeedCost=4047181.0
secHandiCost=9
secGeoCost=0.0
totalCost=5.00000004047181E14
Player1Name=Butaud Rémi
Player2Name=Bonis Michel
baseDuplicateGameCost=5.0E14
baseRandomCost=0.0
baseBWBalanceCost=0.0
mainCategoryCost=0.0
mainScoreDiffCost=0.0
mainDUDDCost=0.0
mainSeedCost=4839184.0
secHandiCost=0
secGeoCost=0.0
totalCost=5.00000004839184E14
Player1Name=Butaud Rémi
Player2Name=Boyart Christian
baseDuplicateGameCost=5.0E14
baseRandomCost=0.0
baseBWBalanceCost=0.0
mainCategoryCost=0.0
mainScoreDiffCost=0.0
mainDUDDCost=0.0
mainSeedCost=4148931.0
secHandiCost=0
secGeoCost=0.0
totalCost=5.00000004148931E14
Player1Name=Butaud Rémi
Player2Name=Lamôle Laurent
baseDuplicateGameCost=5.0E14
baseRandomCost=0.0
baseBWBalanceCost=0.0
mainCategoryCost=0.0
mainScoreDiffCost=0.0
mainDUDDCost=0.0
mainSeedCost=4988408.0
secHandiCost=0
secGeoCost=0.0
totalCost=5.00000004988408E14
Player1Name=Butaud Rémi
Player2Name=Eon Serge
baseDuplicateGameCost=5.0E14
baseRandomCost=0.0
baseBWBalanceCost=0.0
mainCategoryCost=0.0
mainScoreDiffCost=0.0
mainDUDDCost=0.0
mainSeedCost=4155552.0
secHandiCost=0
secGeoCost=0.0
totalCost=5.00000004155552E14
Player1Name=Butaud Rémi
Player2Name=Gajdos Chantal
baseDuplicateGameCost=5.0E14
baseRandomCost=0.0
baseBWBalanceCost=0.0
mainCategoryCost=0.0
mainScoreDiffCost=0.0
mainDUDDCost=0.0
mainSeedCost=4093790.0
secHandiCost=0
secGeoCost=0.0
totalCost=5.0000000409379E14
Player1Name=Butaud Rémi
Player2Name=Baratou Paul
baseDuplicateGameCost=5.0E14
baseRandomCost=0.0
baseBWBalanceCost=0.0
mainCategoryCost=0.0
mainScoreDiffCost=0.0
mainDUDDCost=0.0
mainSeedCost=4382261.0
secHandiCost=0
secGeoCost=0.0
totalCost=5.00000004382261E14
Player1Name=Butaud Rémi
Player2Name=Mizessyn François
baseDuplicateGameCost=5.0E14
baseRandomCost=0.0
baseBWBalanceCost=0.0
mainCategoryCost=0.0
mainScoreDiffCost=0.0
mainDUDDCost=0.0
mainSeedCost=4232389.0
secHandiCost=0
secGeoCost=0.0
totalCost=5.00000004232389E14
Player1Name=Butaud Rémi
Player2Name=Donzet Frédéric
baseDuplicateGameCost=5.0E14
baseRandomCost=0.0
baseBWBalanceCost=0.0
mainCategoryCost=0.0
mainScoreDiffCost=0.0
mainDUDDCost=0.0
mainSeedCost=4149793.0
secHandiCost=0
secGeoCost=0.0
totalCost=5.00000004149793E14
Player1Name=Butaud Rémi
Player2Name=Giovanni Nicita
baseDuplicateGameCost=5.0E14
baseRandomCost=0.0
baseBWBalanceCost=0.0
mainCategoryCost=0.0
mainScoreDiffCost=0.0
mainDUDDCost=0.0
mainSeedCost=4099845.0
secHandiCost=1
secGeoCost=0.0
totalCost=5.00000004099845E14
Player1Name=Butaud Rémi
Player2Name=Brisson Claude
baseDuplicateGameCost=5.0E14
baseRandomCost=0.0
baseBWBalanceCost=0.0
mainCategoryCost=0.0
mainScoreDiffCost=0.0
mainDUDDCost=0.0
mainSeedCost=4704984.0
secHandiCost=0
secGeoCost=0.0
totalCost=5.00000004704984E14
Player1Name=Feldmann Denis
Player2Name=Cornuejols Dominique
baseDuplicateGameCost=5.0E14
baseRandomCost=0.0
baseBWBalanceCost=0.0
mainCategoryCost=0.0
mainScoreDiffCost=0.0
mainDUDDCost=0.0
mainSeedCost=0.0
secHandiCost=0
secGeoCost=0.0
totalCost=5.0E14
Player1Name=Feldmann Denis
Player2Name=Habuda Stephan
baseDuplicateGameCost=5.0E14
baseRandomCost=0.0
baseBWBalanceCost=0.0
mainCategoryCost=0.0
mainScoreDiffCost=0.0
mainDUDDCost=0.0
mainSeedCost=0.0
secHandiCost=9
secGeoCost=0.0
totalCost=5.0E14
Player1Name=Feldmann Denis
Player2Name=Martin-Vallas Bruno
baseDuplicateGameCost=5.0E14
baseRandomCost=0.0
baseBWBalanceCost=0.0
mainCategoryCost=0.0
mainScoreDiffCost=0.0
mainDUDDCost=0.0
mainSeedCost=0.0
secHandiCost=9
secGeoCost=0.0
totalCost=5.0E14
Player1Name=Feldmann Denis
Player2Name=Gaillard Jean-Luc
baseDuplicateGameCost=5.0E14
baseRandomCost=0.0
baseBWBalanceCost=0.0
mainCategoryCost=0.0
mainScoreDiffCost=0.0
mainDUDDCost=0.0
mainSeedCost=0.0
secHandiCost=8
secGeoCost=0.0
totalCost=5.0E14
Player1Name=Feldmann Denis
Player2Name=Habart Gilles
baseDuplicateGameCost=5.0E14
baseRandomCost=0.0
baseBWBalanceCost=0.0
mainCategoryCost=0.0
mainScoreDiffCost=0.0
mainDUDDCost=0.0
mainSeedCost=0.0
secHandiCost=6
secGeoCost=0.0
totalCost=5.0E14
Player1Name=Feldmann Denis
Player2Name=Hubert Jérôme
baseDuplicateGameCost=5.0E14
baseRandomCost=0.0
baseBWBalanceCost=0.0
mainCategoryCost=0.0
mainScoreDiffCost=0.0
mainDUDDCost=0.0
mainSeedCost=0.0
secHandiCost=0
secGeoCost=0.0
totalCost=5.0E14
Player1Name=Feldmann Denis
Player2Name=Batailler Philippe
baseDuplicateGameCost=5.0E14
baseRandomCost=0.0
baseBWBalanceCost=0.0
mainCategoryCost=0.0
mainScoreDiffCost=0.0
mainDUDDCost=0.0
mainSeedCost=0.0
secHandiCost=2
secGeoCost=0.0
totalCost=5.0E14
Player1Name=Feldmann Denis
Player2Name=Grimond Philippe
baseDuplicateGameCost=5.0E14
baseRandomCost=0.0
baseBWBalanceCost=0.0
mainCategoryCost=0.0
mainScoreDiffCost=0.0
mainDUDDCost=0.0
mainSeedCost=0.0
secHandiCost=6
secGeoCost=0.0
totalCost=5.0E14
Player1Name=Feldmann Denis
Player2Name=Neant Fabrice
baseDuplicateGameCost=5.0E14
baseRandomCost=0.0
baseBWBalanceCost=0.0
mainCategoryCost=0.0
mainScoreDiffCost=0.0
mainDUDDCost=0.0
mainSeedCost=0.0
secHandiCost=6
secGeoCost=0.0
totalCost=5.0E14
Player1Name=Feldmann Denis
Player2Name=Jollivet Guy
baseDuplicateGameCost=5.0E14
baseRandomCost=0.0
baseBWBalanceCost=0.0
mainCategoryCost=0.0
mainScoreDiffCost=0.0
mainDUDDCost=0.0
mainSeedCost=4196825.0
secHandiCost=9
secGeoCost=0.0
totalCost=5.00000004196825E14
Player1Name=Feldmann Denis
Player2Name=Dupré William
baseDuplicateGameCost=5.0E14
baseRandomCost=0.0
baseBWBalanceCost=0.0
mainCategoryCost=0.0
mainScoreDiffCost=0.0
mainDUDDCost=0.0
mainSeedCost=4550172.0
secHandiCost=9
secGeoCost=0.0
totalCost=5.00000004550172E14
Player1Name=Feldmann Denis
Player2Name=Guillou Marc
baseDuplicateGameCost=5.0E14
baseRandomCost=0.0
baseBWBalanceCost=0.0
mainCategoryCost=0.0
mainScoreDiffCost=0.0
mainDUDDCost=0.0
mainSeedCost=4948667.0
secHandiCost=3
secGeoCost=0.0
totalCost=5.00000004948667E14
Player1Name=Feldmann Denis
Player2Name=Jegou Marc
baseDuplicateGameCost=5.0E14
baseRandomCost=0.0
baseBWBalanceCost=0.0
mainCategoryCost=0.0
mainScoreDiffCost=0.0
mainDUDDCost=0.0
mainSeedCost=4270178.0
secHandiCost=9
secGeoCost=0.0
totalCost=5.00000004270178E14
Player1Name=Feldmann Denis
Player2Name=Martin Yvan
baseDuplicateGameCost=5.0E14
baseRandomCost=0.0
baseBWBalanceCost=0.0
mainCategoryCost=0.0
mainScoreDiffCost=0.0
mainDUDDCost=0.0
mainSeedCost=4882086.0
secHandiCost=3
secGeoCost=0.0
totalCost=5.00000004882086E14
Player1Name=Feldmann Denis
Player2Name=Born Véronique
baseDuplicateGameCost=5.0E14
baseRandomCost=0.0
baseBWBalanceCost=0.0
mainCategoryCost=0.0
mainScoreDiffCost=0.0
mainDUDDCost=0.0
mainSeedCost=4308167.0
secHandiCost=9
secGeoCost=0.0
totalCost=5.00000004308167E14
Player1Name=Feldmann Denis
Player2Name=Bonis Michel
baseDuplicateGameCost=5.0E14
baseRandomCost=0.0
baseBWBalanceCost=0.0
mainCategoryCost=0.0
mainScoreDiffCost=0.0
mainDUDDCost=0.0
mainSeedCost=4100861.0
secHandiCost=6
secGeoCost=0.0
totalCost=5.00000004100861E14
Player1Name=Feldmann Denis
Player2Name=Boyart Christian
baseDuplicateGameCost=5.0E14
baseRandomCost=0.0
baseBWBalanceCost=0.0
mainCategoryCost=0.0
mainScoreDiffCost=0.0
mainDUDDCost=0.0
mainSeedCost=4409225.0
secHandiCost=5
secGeoCost=0.0
totalCost=5.00000004409225E14
Player1Name=Feldmann Denis
Player2Name=Lamôle Laurent
baseDuplicateGameCost=5.0E14
baseRandomCost=0.0
baseBWBalanceCost=0.0
mainCategoryCost=0.0
mainScoreDiffCost=0.0
mainDUDDCost=0.0
mainSeedCost=4584028.0
secHandiCost=2
secGeoCost=0.0
totalCost=5.00000004584028E14
Player1Name=Feldmann Denis
Player2Name=Eon Serge
baseDuplicateGameCost=5.0E14
baseRandomCost=0.0
baseBWBalanceCost=0.0
mainCategoryCost=0.0
mainScoreDiffCost=0.0
mainDUDDCost=0.0
mainSeedCost=4424943.0
secHandiCost=4
secGeoCost=0.0
totalCost=5.00000004424943E14
Player1Name=Feldmann Denis
Player2Name=Gajdos Chantal
baseDuplicateGameCost=5.0E14
baseRandomCost=0.0
baseBWBalanceCost=0.0
mainCategoryCost=0.0
mainScoreDiffCost=0.0
mainDUDDCost=0.0
mainSeedCost=4206859.0
secHandiCost=4
secGeoCost=0.0
totalCost=5.00000004206859E14
Player1Name=Feldmann Denis
Player2Name=Baratou Paul
baseDuplicateGameCost=5.0E14
baseRandomCost=0.0
baseBWBalanceCost=0.0
mainCategoryCost=0.0
mainScoreDiffCost=0.0
mainDUDDCost=0.0
mainSeedCost=4643939.0
secHandiCost=1
secGeoCost=0.0
totalCost=5.00000004643939E14
Player1Name=Feldmann Denis
Player2Name=Mizessyn François
baseDuplicateGameCost=5.0E14
baseRandomCost=0.0
baseBWBalanceCost=0.0
mainCategoryCost=0.0
mainScoreDiffCost=0.0
mainDUDDCost=0.0
mainSeedCost=4422864.0
secHandiCost=0
secGeoCost=0.0
totalCost=5.00000004422864E14
Player1Name=Feldmann Denis
Player2Name=Donzet Frédéric
baseDuplicateGameCost=5.0E14
baseRandomCost=0.0
baseBWBalanceCost=0.0
mainCategoryCost=0.0
mainScoreDiffCost=0.0
mainDUDDCost=0.0
mainSeedCost=4187906.0
secHandiCost=0
secGeoCost=0.0
totalCost=5.00000004187906E14
Player1Name=Feldmann Denis
Player2Name=Giovanni Nicita
baseDuplicateGameCost=5.0E14
baseRandomCost=0.0
baseBWBalanceCost=0.0
mainCategoryCost=0.0
mainScoreDiffCost=0.0
mainDUDDCost=0.0
mainSeedCost=4139660.0
secHandiCost=9
secGeoCost=0.0
totalCost=5.0000000413966E14
Player1Name=Feldmann Denis
Player2Name=Brisson Claude
baseDuplicateGameCost=5.0E14
baseRandomCost=0.0
baseBWBalanceCost=0.0
mainCategoryCost=0.0
mainScoreDiffCost=0.0
mainDUDDCost=0.0
mainSeedCost=4965970.0
secHandiCost=6
secGeoCost=0.0
totalCost=5.0000000496597E14
Player1Name=Cornuejols Dominique
Player2Name=Habuda Stephan
baseDuplicateGameCost=5.0E14
baseRandomCost=0.0
baseBWBalanceCost=0.0
mainCategoryCost=0.0
mainScoreDiffCost=0.0
mainDUDDCost=0.0
mainSeedCost=0.0
secHandiCost=9
secGeoCost=0.0
totalCost=5.0E14
Player1Name=Cornuejols Dominique
Player2Name=Martin-Vallas Bruno
baseDuplicateGameCost=5.0E14
baseRandomCost=0.0
baseBWBalanceCost=0.0
mainCategoryCost=0.0
mainScoreDiffCost=0.0
mainDUDDCost=0.0
mainSeedCost=0.0
secHandiCost=9
secGeoCost=0.0
totalCost=5.0E14
Player1Name=Cornuejols Dominique
Player2Name=Gaillard Jean-Luc
baseDuplicateGameCost=5.0E14
baseRandomCost=0.0
baseBWBalanceCost=0.0
mainCategoryCost=0.0
mainScoreDiffCost=0.0
mainDUDDCost=0.0
mainSeedCost=0.0
secHandiCost=8
secGeoCost=0.0
totalCost=5.0E14
Player1Name=Cornuejols Dominique
Player2Name=Habart Gilles
baseDuplicateGameCost=5.0E14
baseRandomCost=0.0
baseBWBalanceCost=0.0
mainCategoryCost=0.0
mainScoreDiffCost=0.0
mainDUDDCost=0.0
mainSeedCost=0.0
secHandiCost=6
secGeoCost=0.0
totalCost=5.0E14
Player1Name=Cornuejols Dominique
Player2Name=Hubert Jérôme
baseDuplicateGameCost=5.0E14
baseRandomCost=0.0
baseBWBalanceCost=0.0
mainCategoryCost=0.0
mainScoreDiffCost=0.0
mainDUDDCost=0.0
mainSeedCost=0.0
secHandiCost=0
secGeoCost=0.0
totalCost=5.0E14
Player1Name=Cornuejols Dominique
Player2Name=Batailler Philippe
baseDuplicateGameCost=5.0E14
baseRandomCost=0.0
baseBWBalanceCost=0.0
mainCategoryCost=0.0
mainScoreDiffCost=0.0
mainDUDDCost=0.0
mainSeedCost=0.0
secHandiCost=2
secGeoCost=0.0
totalCost=5.0E14
Player1Name=Cornuejols Dominique
Player2Name=Grimond Philippe
baseDuplicateGameCost=5.0E14
baseRandomCost=0.0
baseBWBalanceCost=0.0
mainCategoryCost=0.0
mainScoreDiffCost=0.0
mainDUDDCost=0.0
mainSeedCost=0.0
secHandiCost=6
secGeoCost=0.0
totalCost=5.0E14
Player1Name=Cornuejols Dominique
Player2Name=Neant Fabrice
baseDuplicateGameCost=5.0E14
baseRandomCost=0.0
baseBWBalanceCost=0.0
mainCategoryCost=0.0
mainScoreDiffCost=0.0
mainDUDDCost=0.0
mainSeedCost=0.0
secHandiCost=6
secGeoCost=0.0
totalCost=5.0E14
Player1Name=Cornuejols Dominique
Player2Name=Jollivet Guy
baseDuplicateGameCost=5.0E14
baseRandomCost=0.0
baseBWBalanceCost=0.0
mainCategoryCost=0.0
mainScoreDiffCost=0.0
mainDUDDCost=0.0
mainSeedCost=4372125.0
secHandiCost=9
secGeoCost=0.0
totalCost=5.00000004372125E14
Player1Name=Cornuejols Dominique
Player2Name=Dupré William
baseDuplicateGameCost=5.0E14
baseRandomCost=0.0
baseBWBalanceCost=0.0
mainCategoryCost=0.0
mainScoreDiffCost=0.0
mainDUDDCost=0.0
mainSeedCost=4718895.0
secHandiCost=9
secGeoCost=0.0
totalCost=5.00000004718895E14
Player1Name=Cornuejols Dominique
Player2Name=Guillou Marc
baseDuplicateGameCost=5.0E14
baseRandomCost=0.0
baseBWBalanceCost=0.0
mainCategoryCost=0.0
mainScoreDiffCost=0.0
mainDUDDCost=0.0
mainSeedCost=4716226.0
secHandiCost=3
secGeoCost=0.0
totalCost=5.00000004716226E14
Player1Name=Cornuejols Dominique
Player2Name=Jegou Marc
baseDuplicateGameCost=5.0E14
baseRandomCost=0.0
baseBWBalanceCost=0.0
mainCategoryCost=0.0
mainScoreDiffCost=0.0
mainDUDDCost=0.0
mainSeedCost=4145888.0
secHandiCost=9
secGeoCost=0.0
totalCost=5.00000004145888E14
Player1Name=Cornuejols Dominique
Player2Name=Martin Yvan
baseDuplicateGameCost=5.0E14
baseRandomCost=0.0
baseBWBalanceCost=0.0
mainCategoryCost=0.0
mainScoreDiffCost=0.0
mainDUDDCost=0.0
mainSeedCost=4722553.0
secHandiCost=3
secGeoCost=0.0
totalCost=5.00000004722553E14
Player1Name=Cornuejols Dominique
Player2Name=Born Véronique
baseDuplicateGameCost=5.0E14
baseRandomCost=0.0
baseBWBalanceCost=0.0
mainCategoryCost=0.0
mainScoreDiffCost=0.0
mainDUDDCost=0.0
mainSeedCost=4917357.0
secHandiCost=9
secGeoCost=0.0
totalCost=5.00000004917357E14
Player1Name=Cornuejols Dominique
Player2Name=Bonis Michel
baseDuplicateGameCost=5.0E14
baseRandomCost=0.0
baseBWBalanceCost=0.0
mainCategoryCost=0.0
mainScoreDiffCost=0.0
mainDUDDCost=0.0
mainSeedCost=4663637.0
secHandiCost=6
secGeoCost=0.0
totalCost=5.00000004663637E14
Player1Name=Cornuejols Dominique
Player2Name=Boyart Christian
baseDuplicateGameCost=5.0E14
baseRandomCost=0.0
baseBWBalanceCost=0.0
mainCategoryCost=0.0
mainScoreDiffCost=0.0
mainDUDDCost=0.0
mainSeedCost=4064828.0
secHandiCost=5
secGeoCost=0.0
totalCost=5.00000004064828E14
Player1Name=Cornuejols Dominique
Player2Name=Lamôle Laurent
baseDuplicateGameCost=5.0E14
baseRandomCost=0.0
baseBWBalanceCost=0.0
mainCategoryCost=0.0
mainScoreDiffCost=0.0
mainDUDDCost=0.0
mainSeedCost=4022636.0
secHandiCost=2
secGeoCost=0.0
totalCost=5.00000004022636E14
Player1Name=Cornuejols Dominique
Player2Name=Eon Serge
baseDuplicateGameCost=5.0E14
baseRandomCost=0.0
baseBWBalanceCost=0.0
mainCategoryCost=0.0
mainScoreDiffCost=0.0
mainDUDDCost=0.0
mainSeedCost=4065714.0
secHandiCost=4
secGeoCost=0.0
totalCost=5.00000004065714E14
Player1Name=Cornuejols Dominique
Player2Name=Gajdos Chantal
baseDuplicateGameCost=5.0E14
baseRandomCost=0.0
baseBWBalanceCost=0.0
mainCategoryCost=0.0
mainScoreDiffCost=0.0
mainDUDDCost=0.0
mainSeedCost=4680365.0
secHandiCost=4
secGeoCost=0.0
totalCost=5.00000004680365E14
Player1Name=Cornuejols Dominique
Player2Name=Baratou Paul
baseDuplicateGameCost=5.0E14
baseRandomCost=0.0
baseBWBalanceCost=0.0
mainCategoryCost=0.0
mainScoreDiffCost=0.0
mainDUDDCost=0.0
mainSeedCost=4206714.0
secHandiCost=1
secGeoCost=0.0
totalCost=5.00000004206714E14
Player1Name=Cornuejols Dominique
Player2Name=Mizessyn François
baseDuplicateGameCost=5.0E14
baseRandomCost=0.0
baseBWBalanceCost=0.0
mainCategoryCost=0.0
mainScoreDiffCost=0.0
mainDUDDCost=0.0
mainSeedCost=4051181.0
secHandiCost=0
secGeoCost=0.0
totalCost=5.00000004051181E14
Player1Name=Cornuejols Dominique
Player2Name=Donzet Frédéric
baseDuplicateGameCost=5.0E14
baseRandomCost=0.0
baseBWBalanceCost=0.0
mainCategoryCost=0.0
mainScoreDiffCost=0.0
mainDUDDCost=0.0
mainSeedCost=4632888.0
secHandiCost=0
secGeoCost=0.0
totalCost=5.00000004632888E14
Player1Name=Cornuejols Dominique
Player2Name=Giovanni Nicita
baseDuplicateGameCost=5.0E14
baseRandomCost=0.0
baseBWBalanceCost=0.0
mainCategoryCost=0.0
mainScoreDiffCost=0.0
mainDUDDCost=0.0
mainSeedCost=4466658.0
secHandiCost=9
secGeoCost=0.0
totalCost=5.00000004466658E14
Player1Name=Cornuejols Dominique
Player2Name=Brisson Claude
baseDuplicateGameCost=5.0E14
baseRandomCost=0.0
baseBWBalanceCost=0.0
mainCategoryCost=0.0
mainScoreDiffCost=0.0
mainDUDDCost=0.0
mainSeedCost=4575159.0
secHandiCost=6
secGeoCost=0.0
totalCost=5.00000004575159E14
Player1Name=Habuda Stephan
Player2Name=Martin-Vallas Bruno
baseDuplicateGameCost=5.0E14
baseRandomCost=0.0
baseBWBalanceCost=0.0
mainCategoryCost=0.0
mainScoreDiffCost=0.0
mainDUDDCost=0.0
mainSeedCost=0.0
secHandiCost=0
secGeoCost=0.0
totalCost=5.0E14
Player1Name=Habuda Stephan
Player2Name=Gaillard Jean-Luc
baseDuplicateGameCost=5.0E14
baseRandomCost=0.0
baseBWBalanceCost=0.0
mainCategoryCost=0.0
mainScoreDiffCost=0.0
mainDUDDCost=0.0
mainSeedCost=0.0
secHandiCost=0
secGeoCost=0.0
totalCost=5.0E14
Player1Name=Habuda Stephan
Player2Name=Habart Gilles
baseDuplicateGameCost=5.0E14
baseRandomCost=0.0
baseBWBalanceCost=0.0
mainCategoryCost=0.0
mainScoreDiffCost=0.0
mainDUDDCost=0.0
mainSeedCost=0.0
secHandiCost=0
secGeoCost=0.0
totalCost=5.0E14
Player1Name=Habuda Stephan
Player2Name=Hubert Jérôme
baseDuplicateGameCost=5.0E14
baseRandomCost=0.0
baseBWBalanceCost=0.0
mainCategoryCost=0.0
mainScoreDiffCost=0.0
mainDUDDCost=0.0
mainSeedCost=0.0
secHandiCost=0
secGeoCost=0.0
totalCost=5.0E14
Player1Name=Habuda Stephan
Player2Name=Batailler Philippe
baseDuplicateGameCost=5.0E14
baseRandomCost=0.0
baseBWBalanceCost=0.0
mainCategoryCost=0.0
mainScoreDiffCost=0.0
mainDUDDCost=0.0
mainSeedCost=0.0
secHandiCost=0
secGeoCost=0.0
totalCost=5.0E14
Player1Name=Habuda Stephan
Player2Name=Grimond Philippe
baseDuplicateGameCost=5.0E14
baseRandomCost=0.0
baseBWBalanceCost=0.0
mainCategoryCost=0.0
mainScoreDiffCost=0.0
mainDUDDCost=0.0
mainSeedCost=0.0
secHandiCost=0
secGeoCost=0.0
totalCost=5.0E14
Player1Name=Habuda Stephan
Player2Name=Neant Fabrice
baseDuplicateGameCost=5.0E14
baseRandomCost=0.0
baseBWBalanceCost=0.0
mainCategoryCost=0.0
mainScoreDiffCost=0.0
mainDUDDCost=0.0
mainSeedCost=0.0
secHandiCost=0
secGeoCost=0.0
totalCost=5.0E14
Player1Name=Habuda Stephan
Player2Name=Jollivet Guy
baseDuplicateGameCost=5.0E14
baseRandomCost=0.0
baseBWBalanceCost=0.0
mainCategoryCost=0.0
mainScoreDiffCost=0.0
mainDUDDCost=0.0
mainSeedCost=4567593.0
secHandiCost=9
secGeoCost=0.0
totalCost=5.00000004567593E14
Player1Name=Habuda Stephan
Player2Name=Dupré William
baseDuplicateGameCost=5.0E14
baseRandomCost=0.0
baseBWBalanceCost=0.0
mainCategoryCost=0.0
mainScoreDiffCost=0.0
mainDUDDCost=0.0
mainSeedCost=4179404.0
secHandiCost=9
secGeoCost=0.0
totalCost=5.00000004179404E14
Player1Name=Habuda Stephan
Player2Name=Guillou Marc
baseDuplicateGameCost=5.0E14
baseRandomCost=0.0
baseBWBalanceCost=0.0
mainCategoryCost=0.0
mainScoreDiffCost=0.0
mainDUDDCost=0.0
mainSeedCost=4026569.0
secHandiCost=0
secGeoCost=0.0
totalCost=5.00000004026569E14
Player1Name=Habuda Stephan
Player2Name=Jegou Marc
baseDuplicateGameCost=5.0E14
baseRandomCost=0.0
baseBWBalanceCost=0.0
mainCategoryCost=0.0
mainScoreDiffCost=0.0
mainDUDDCost=0.0
mainSeedCost=4640946.0
secHandiCost=0
secGeoCost=0.0
totalCost=5.00000004640946E14
Player1Name=Habuda Stephan
Player2Name=Martin Yvan
baseDuplicateGameCost=5.0E14
baseRandomCost=0.0
baseBWBalanceCost=0.0
mainCategoryCost=0.0
mainScoreDiffCost=0.0
mainDUDDCost=0.0
mainSeedCost=4252853.0
secHandiCost=0
secGeoCost=0.0
totalCost=5.00000004252853E14
Player1Name=Habuda Stephan
Player2Name=Born Véronique
baseDuplicateGameCost=5.0E14
baseRandomCost=0.0
baseBWBalanceCost=0.0
mainCategoryCost=0.0
mainScoreDiffCost=0.0
mainDUDDCost=0.0
mainSeedCost=4937400.0
secHandiCost=9
secGeoCost=0.0
totalCost=5.000000049374E14
Player1Name=Habuda Stephan
Player2Name=Bonis Michel
baseDuplicateGameCost=5.0E14
baseRandomCost=0.0
baseBWBalanceCost=0.0
mainCategoryCost=0.0
mainScoreDiffCost=0.0
mainDUDDCost=0.0
mainSeedCost=4730094.0
secHandiCost=0
secGeoCost=0.0
totalCost=5.00000004730094E14
Player1Name=Habuda Stephan
Player2Name=Boyart Christian
baseDuplicateGameCost=5.0E14
baseRandomCost=0.0
baseBWBalanceCost=0.0
mainCategoryCost=0.0
mainScoreDiffCost=0.0
mainDUDDCost=0.0
mainSeedCost=4038457.0
secHandiCost=0
secGeoCost=0.0
totalCost=5.00000004038457E14
Player1Name=Habuda Stephan
Player2Name=Lamôle Laurent
baseDuplicateGameCost=5.0E14
baseRandomCost=0.0
baseBWBalanceCost=0.0
mainCategoryCost=0.0
mainScoreDiffCost=0.0
mainDUDDCost=0.0
mainSeedCost=4954796.0
secHandiCost=0
secGeoCost=0.0
totalCost=5.00000004954796E14
Player1Name=Habuda Stephan
Player2Name=Eon Serge
baseDuplicateGameCost=5.0E14
baseRandomCost=0.0
baseBWBalanceCost=0.0
mainCategoryCost=0.0
mainScoreDiffCost=0.0
mainDUDDCost=0.0
mainSeedCost=4054175.0
secHandiCost=0
secGeoCost=0.0
totalCost=5.00000004054175E14
Player1Name=Habuda Stephan
Player2Name=Gajdos Chantal
baseDuplicateGameCost=5.0E14
baseRandomCost=0.0
baseBWBalanceCost=0.0
mainCategoryCost=0.0
mainScoreDiffCost=0.0
mainDUDDCost=0.0
mainSeedCost=4841977.0
secHandiCost=0
secGeoCost=0.0
totalCost=5.00000004841977E14
Player1Name=Habuda Stephan
Player2Name=Baratou Paul
baseDuplicateGameCost=5.0E14
baseRandomCost=0.0
baseBWBalanceCost=0.0
mainCategoryCost=0.0
mainScoreDiffCost=0.0
mainDUDDCost=0.0
mainSeedCost=4273171.0
secHandiCost=0
secGeoCost=0.0
totalCost=5.00000004273171E14
Player1Name=Habuda Stephan
Player2Name=Mizessyn François
baseDuplicateGameCost=5.0E14
baseRandomCost=0.0
baseBWBalanceCost=0.0
mainCategoryCost=0.0
mainScoreDiffCost=0.0
mainDUDDCost=0.0
mainSeedCost=4793632.0
secHandiCost=0
secGeoCost=0.0
totalCost=5.00000004793632E14
Player1Name=Habuda Stephan
Player2Name=Donzet Frédéric
baseDuplicateGameCost=5.0E14
baseRandomCost=0.0
baseBWBalanceCost=0.0
mainCategoryCost=0.0
mainScoreDiffCost=0.0
mainDUDDCost=0.0
mainSeedCost=4817139.0
secHandiCost=0
secGeoCost=0.0
totalCost=5.00000004817139E14
Player1Name=Habuda Stephan
Player2Name=Giovanni Nicita
baseDuplicateGameCost=5.0E14
baseRandomCost=0.0
baseBWBalanceCost=0.0
mainCategoryCost=0.0
mainScoreDiffCost=0.0
mainDUDDCost=0.0
mainSeedCost=4947187.0
secHandiCost=0
secGeoCost=0.0
totalCost=5.00000004947187E14
Player1Name=Habuda Stephan
Player2Name=Brisson Claude
baseDuplicateGameCost=5.0E14
baseRandomCost=0.0
baseBWBalanceCost=0.0
mainCategoryCost=0.0
mainScoreDiffCost=0.0
mainDUDDCost=0.0
mainSeedCost=4595202.0
secHandiCost=0
secGeoCost=0.0
totalCost=5.00000004595202E14
Player1Name=Martin-Vallas Bruno
Player2Name=Gaillard Jean-Luc
baseDuplicateGameCost=5.0E14
baseRandomCost=0.0
baseBWBalanceCost=0.0
mainCategoryCost=0.0
mainScoreDiffCost=0.0
mainDUDDCost=0.0
mainSeedCost=0.0
secHandiCost=0
secGeoCost=0.0
totalCost=5.0E14
Player1Name=Martin-Vallas Bruno
Player2Name=Habart Gilles
baseDuplicateGameCost=5.0E14
baseRandomCost=0.0
baseBWBalanceCost=0.0
mainCategoryCost=0.0
mainScoreDiffCost=0.0
mainDUDDCost=0.0
mainSeedCost=0.0
secHandiCost=0
secGeoCost=0.0
totalCost=5.0E14
Player1Name=Martin-Vallas Bruno
Player2Name=Hubert Jérôme
baseDuplicateGameCost=5.0E14
baseRandomCost=0.0
baseBWBalanceCost=0.0
mainCategoryCost=0.0
mainScoreDiffCost=0.0
mainDUDDCost=0.0
mainSeedCost=0.0
secHandiCost=0
secGeoCost=0.0
totalCost=5.0E14
Player1Name=Martin-Vallas Bruno
Player2Name=Batailler Philippe
baseDuplicateGameCost=5.0E14
baseRandomCost=0.0
baseBWBalanceCost=0.0
mainCategoryCost=0.0
mainScoreDiffCost=0.0
mainDUDDCost=0.0
mainSeedCost=0.0
secHandiCost=0
secGeoCost=0.0
totalCost=5.0E14
Player1Name=Martin-Vallas Bruno
Player2Name=Grimond Philippe
baseDuplicateGameCost=5.0E14
baseRandomCost=0.0
baseBWBalanceCost=0.0
mainCategoryCost=0.0
mainScoreDiffCost=0.0
mainDUDDCost=0.0
mainSeedCost=0.0
secHandiCost=0
secGeoCost=0.0
totalCost=5.0E14
Player1Name=Martin-Vallas Bruno
Player2Name=Neant Fabrice
baseDuplicateGameCost=5.0E14
baseRandomCost=0.0
baseBWBalanceCost=0.0
mainCategoryCost=0.0
mainScoreDiffCost=0.0
mainDUDDCost=0.0
mainSeedCost=0.0
secHandiCost=0
secGeoCost=0.0
totalCost=5.0E14
Player1Name=Martin-Vallas Bruno
Player2Name=Jollivet Guy
baseDuplicateGameCost=5.0E14
baseRandomCost=0.0
baseBWBalanceCost=0.0
mainCategoryCost=0.0
mainScoreDiffCost=0.0
mainDUDDCost=0.0
mainSeedCost=4243242.0
secHandiCost=8
secGeoCost=0.0
totalCost=5.00000004243242E14
Player1Name=Martin-Vallas Bruno
Player2Name=Dupré William
baseDuplicateGameCost=5.0E14
baseRandomCost=0.0
baseBWBalanceCost=0.0
mainCategoryCost=0.0
mainScoreDiffCost=0.0
mainDUDDCost=0.0
mainSeedCost=4728834.0
secHandiCost=9
secGeoCost=0.0
totalCost=5.00000004728834E14
Player1Name=Martin-Vallas Bruno
Player2Name=Guillou Marc
baseDuplicateGameCost=5.0E14
baseRandomCost=0.0
baseBWBalanceCost=0.0
mainCategoryCost=0.0
mainScoreDiffCost=0.0
mainDUDDCost=0.0
mainSeedCost=4873340.0
secHandiCost=0
secGeoCost=0.0
totalCost=5.0000000487334E14
Player1Name=Martin-Vallas Bruno
Player2Name=Jegou Marc
baseDuplicateGameCost=5.0E14
baseRandomCost=0.0
baseBWBalanceCost=0.0
mainCategoryCost=0.0
mainScoreDiffCost=0.0
mainDUDDCost=0.0
mainSeedCost=4972470.0
secHandiCost=0
secGeoCost=0.0
totalCost=5.0000000497247E14
Player1Name=Martin-Vallas Bruno
Player2Name=Martin Yvan
baseDuplicateGameCost=5.0E14
baseRandomCost=0.0
baseBWBalanceCost=0.0
mainCategoryCost=0.0
mainScoreDiffCost=0.0
mainDUDDCost=0.0
mainSeedCost=4694184.0
secHandiCost=0
secGeoCost=0.0
totalCost=5.00000004694184E14
Player1Name=Martin-Vallas Bruno
Player2Name=Born Véronique
baseDuplicateGameCost=5.0E14
baseRandomCost=0.0
baseBWBalanceCost=0.0
mainCategoryCost=0.0
mainScoreDiffCost=0.0
mainDUDDCost=0.0
mainSeedCost=4189488.0
secHandiCost=9
secGeoCost=0.0
totalCost=5.00000004189488E14
Player1Name=Martin-Vallas Bruno
Player2Name=Bonis Michel
baseDuplicateGameCost=5.0E14
baseRandomCost=0.0
baseBWBalanceCost=0.0
mainCategoryCost=0.0
mainScoreDiffCost=0.0
mainDUDDCost=0.0
mainSeedCost=4576864.0
secHandiCost=0
secGeoCost=0.0
totalCost=5.00000004576864E14
Player1Name=Martin-Vallas Bruno
Player2Name=Boyart Christian
baseDuplicateGameCost=5.0E14
baseRandomCost=0.0
baseBWBalanceCost=0.0
mainCategoryCost=0.0
mainScoreDiffCost=0.0
mainDUDDCost=0.0
mainSeedCost=4695865.0
secHandiCost=0
secGeoCost=0.0
totalCost=5.00000004695865E14
Player1Name=Martin-Vallas Bruno
Player2Name=Lamôle Laurent
baseDuplicateGameCost=5.0E14
baseRandomCost=0.0
baseBWBalanceCost=0.0
mainCategoryCost=0.0
mainScoreDiffCost=0.0
mainDUDDCost=0.0
mainSeedCost=4302137.0
secHandiCost=0
secGeoCost=0.0
totalCost=5.00000004302137E14
Player1Name=Martin-Vallas Bruno
Player2Name=Eon Serge
baseDuplicateGameCost=5.0E14
baseRandomCost=0.0
baseBWBalanceCost=0.0
mainCategoryCost=0.0
mainScoreDiffCost=0.0
mainDUDDCost=0.0
mainSeedCost=4792968.0
secHandiCost=0
secGeoCost=0.0
totalCost=5.00000004792968E14
Player1Name=Martin-Vallas Bruno
Player2Name=Gajdos Chantal
baseDuplicateGameCost=5.0E14
baseRandomCost=0.0
baseBWBalanceCost=0.0
mainCategoryCost=0.0
mainScoreDiffCost=0.0
mainDUDDCost=0.0
mainSeedCost=4094065.0
secHandiCost=0
secGeoCost=0.0
totalCost=5.00000004094065E14
Player1Name=Martin-Vallas Bruno
Player2Name=Baratou Paul
baseDuplicateGameCost=5.0E14
baseRandomCost=0.0
baseBWBalanceCost=0.0
mainCategoryCost=0.0
mainScoreDiffCost=0.0
mainDUDDCost=0.0
mainSeedCost=4119941.0
secHandiCost=0
secGeoCost=0.0
totalCost=5.00000004119941E14
Player1Name=Martin-Vallas Bruno
Player2Name=Mizessyn François
baseDuplicateGameCost=5.0E14
baseRandomCost=0.0
baseBWBalanceCost=0.0
mainCategoryCost=0.0
mainScoreDiffCost=0.0
mainDUDDCost=0.0
mainSeedCost=4472614.0
secHandiCost=0
secGeoCost=0.0
totalCost=5.00000004472614E14
Player1Name=Martin-Vallas Bruno
Player2Name=Donzet Frédéric
baseDuplicateGameCost=5.0E14
baseRandomCost=0.0
baseBWBalanceCost=0.0
mainCategoryCost=0.0
mainScoreDiffCost=0.0
mainDUDDCost=0.0
mainSeedCost=4771887.0
secHandiCost=0
secGeoCost=0.0
totalCost=5.00000004771887E14
Player1Name=Martin-Vallas Bruno
Player2Name=Giovanni Nicita
baseDuplicateGameCost=5.0E14
baseRandomCost=0.0
baseBWBalanceCost=0.0
mainCategoryCost=0.0
mainScoreDiffCost=0.0
mainDUDDCost=0.0
mainSeedCost=4901935.0
secHandiCost=0
secGeoCost=0.0
totalCost=5.00000004901935E14
Player1Name=Martin-Vallas Bruno
Player2Name=Brisson Claude
baseDuplicateGameCost=5.0E14
baseRandomCost=0.0
baseBWBalanceCost=0.0
mainCategoryCost=0.0
mainScoreDiffCost=0.0
mainDUDDCost=0.0
mainSeedCost=4847291.0
secHandiCost=0
secGeoCost=0.0
totalCost=5.00000004847291E14
Player1Name=Gaillard Jean-Luc
Player2Name=Habart Gilles
baseDuplicateGameCost=5.0E14
baseRandomCost=0.0
baseBWBalanceCost=0.0
mainCategoryCost=0.0
mainScoreDiffCost=0.0
mainDUDDCost=0.0
mainSeedCost=0.0
secHandiCost=0
secGeoCost=0.0
totalCost=5.0E14
Player1Name=Gaillard Jean-Luc
Player2Name=Hubert Jérôme
baseDuplicateGameCost=5.0E14
baseRandomCost=0.0
baseBWBalanceCost=0.0
mainCategoryCost=0.0
mainScoreDiffCost=0.0
mainDUDDCost=0.0
mainSeedCost=0.0
secHandiCost=0
secGeoCost=0.0
totalCost=5.0E14
Player1Name=Gaillard Jean-Luc
Player2Name=Batailler Philippe
baseDuplicateGameCost=5.0E14
baseRandomCost=0.0
baseBWBalanceCost=0.0
mainCategoryCost=0.0
mainScoreDiffCost=0.0
mainDUDDCost=0.0
mainSeedCost=0.0
secHandiCost=0
secGeoCost=0.0
totalCost=5.0E14
Player1Name=Gaillard Jean-Luc
Player2Name=Grimond Philippe
baseDuplicateGameCost=5.0E14
baseRandomCost=0.0
baseBWBalanceCost=0.0
mainCategoryCost=0.0
mainScoreDiffCost=0.0
mainDUDDCost=0.0
mainSeedCost=0.0
secHandiCost=0
secGeoCost=0.0
totalCost=5.0E14
Player1Name=Gaillard Jean-Luc
Player2Name=Neant Fabrice
baseDuplicateGameCost=5.0E14
baseRandomCost=0.0
baseBWBalanceCost=0.0
mainCategoryCost=0.0
mainScoreDiffCost=0.0
mainDUDDCost=0.0
mainSeedCost=0.0
secHandiCost=0
secGeoCost=0.0
totalCost=5.0E14
Player1Name=Gaillard Jean-Luc
Player2Name=Jollivet Guy
baseDuplicateGameCost=5.0E14
baseRandomCost=0.0
baseBWBalanceCost=0.0
mainCategoryCost=0.0
mainScoreDiffCost=0.0
mainDUDDCost=0.0
mainSeedCost=4903538.0
secHandiCost=9
secGeoCost=0.0
totalCost=5.00000004903538E14
Player1Name=Gaillard Jean-Luc
Player2Name=Dupré William
baseDuplicateGameCost=5.0E14
baseRandomCost=0.0
baseBWBalanceCost=0.0
mainCategoryCost=0.0
mainScoreDiffCost=0.0
mainDUDDCost=0.0
mainSeedCost=4684570.0
secHandiCost=9
secGeoCost=0.0
totalCost=5.0000000468457E14
Player1Name=Gaillard Jean-Luc
Player2Name=Guillou Marc
baseDuplicateGameCost=5.0E14
baseRandomCost=0.0
baseBWBalanceCost=0.0
mainCategoryCost=0.0
mainScoreDiffCost=0.0
mainDUDDCost=0.0
mainSeedCost=4951509.0
secHandiCost=0
secGeoCost=0.0
totalCost=5.00000004951509E14
Player1Name=Gaillard Jean-Luc
Player2Name=Jegou Marc
baseDuplicateGameCost=5.0E14
baseRandomCost=0.0
baseBWBalanceCost=0.0
mainCategoryCost=0.0
mainScoreDiffCost=0.0
mainDUDDCost=0.0
mainSeedCost=4827096.0
secHandiCost=1
secGeoCost=0.0
totalCost=5.00000004827096E14
Player1Name=Gaillard Jean-Luc
Player2Name=Martin Yvan
baseDuplicateGameCost=5.0E14
baseRandomCost=0.0
baseBWBalanceCost=0.0
mainCategoryCost=0.0
mainScoreDiffCost=0.0
mainDUDDCost=0.0
mainSeedCost=4921382.0
secHandiCost=0
secGeoCost=0.0
totalCost=5.00000004921382E14
Player1Name=Gaillard Jean-Luc
Player2Name=Born Véronique
baseDuplicateGameCost=5.0E14
baseRandomCost=0.0
baseBWBalanceCost=0.0
mainCategoryCost=0.0
mainScoreDiffCost=0.0
mainDUDDCost=0.0
mainSeedCost=4874205.0
secHandiCost=9
secGeoCost=0.0
totalCost=5.00000004874205E14
Player1Name=Gaillard Jean-Luc
Player2Name=Bonis Michel
baseDuplicateGameCost=5.0E14
baseRandomCost=0.0
baseBWBalanceCost=0.0
mainCategoryCost=0.0
mainScoreDiffCost=0.0
mainDUDDCost=0.0
mainSeedCost=4803620.0
secHandiCost=0
secGeoCost=0.0
totalCost=5.0000000480362E14
Player1Name=Gaillard Jean-Luc
Player2Name=Boyart Christian
baseDuplicateGameCost=5.0E14
baseRandomCost=0.0
baseBWBalanceCost=0.0
mainCategoryCost=0.0
mainScoreDiffCost=0.0
mainDUDDCost=0.0
mainSeedCost=4838542.0
secHandiCost=0
secGeoCost=0.0
totalCost=5.00000004838542E14
Player1Name=Gaillard Jean-Luc
Player2Name=Lamôle Laurent
baseDuplicateGameCost=5.0E14
baseRandomCost=0.0
baseBWBalanceCost=0.0
mainCategoryCost=0.0
mainScoreDiffCost=0.0
mainDUDDCost=0.0
mainSeedCost=4922395.0
secHandiCost=0
secGeoCost=0.0
totalCost=5.00000004922395E14
Player1Name=Gaillard Jean-Luc
Player2Name=Eon Serge
baseDuplicateGameCost=5.0E14
baseRandomCost=0.0
baseBWBalanceCost=0.0
mainCategoryCost=0.0
mainScoreDiffCost=0.0
mainDUDDCost=0.0
mainSeedCost=4832783.0
secHandiCost=0
secGeoCost=0.0
totalCost=5.00000004832783E14
Player1Name=Gaillard Jean-Luc
Player2Name=Gajdos Chantal
baseDuplicateGameCost=5.0E14
baseRandomCost=0.0
baseBWBalanceCost=0.0
mainCategoryCost=0.0
mainScoreDiffCost=0.0
mainDUDDCost=0.0
mainSeedCost=4062674.0
secHandiCost=0
secGeoCost=0.0
totalCost=5.00000004062674E14
Player1Name=Gaillard Jean-Luc
Player2Name=Baratou Paul
baseDuplicateGameCost=5.0E14
baseRandomCost=0.0
baseBWBalanceCost=0.0
mainCategoryCost=0.0
mainScoreDiffCost=0.0
mainDUDDCost=0.0
mainSeedCost=4346697.0
secHandiCost=0
secGeoCost=0.0
totalCost=5.00000004346697E14
Player1Name=Gaillard Jean-Luc
Player2Name=Mizessyn François
baseDuplicateGameCost=5.0E14
baseRandomCost=0.0
baseBWBalanceCost=0.0
mainCategoryCost=0.0
mainScoreDiffCost=0.0
mainDUDDCost=0.0
mainSeedCost=4356085.0
secHandiCost=0
secGeoCost=0.0
totalCost=5.00000004356085E14
Player1Name=Gaillard Jean-Luc
Player2Name=Donzet Frédéric
baseDuplicateGameCost=5.0E14
baseRandomCost=0.0
baseBWBalanceCost=0.0
mainCategoryCost=0.0
mainScoreDiffCost=0.0
mainDUDDCost=0.0
mainSeedCost=4185583.0
secHandiCost=0
secGeoCost=0.0
totalCost=5.00000004185583E14
Player1Name=Gaillard Jean-Luc
Player2Name=Giovanni Nicita
baseDuplicateGameCost=5.0E14
baseRandomCost=0.0
baseBWBalanceCost=0.0
mainCategoryCost=0.0
mainScoreDiffCost=0.0
mainDUDDCost=0.0
mainSeedCost=4922222.0
secHandiCost=0
secGeoCost=0.0
totalCost=5.00000004922222E14
Player1Name=Gaillard Jean-Luc
Player2Name=Brisson Claude
baseDuplicateGameCost=5.0E14
baseRandomCost=0.0
baseBWBalanceCost=0.0
mainCategoryCost=0.0
mainScoreDiffCost=0.0
mainDUDDCost=0.0
mainSeedCost=4532007.0
secHandiCost=0
secGeoCost=0.0
totalCost=5.00000004532007E14
Player1Name=Habart Gilles
Player2Name=Hubert Jérôme
baseDuplicateGameCost=5.0E14
baseRandomCost=0.0
baseBWBalanceCost=0.0
mainCategoryCost=0.0
mainScoreDiffCost=0.0
mainDUDDCost=0.0
mainSeedCost=0.0
secHandiCost=0
secGeoCost=0.0
totalCost=5.0E14
Player1Name=Habart Gilles
Player2Name=Batailler Philippe
baseDuplicateGameCost=5.0E14
baseRandomCost=0.0
baseBWBalanceCost=0.0
mainCategoryCost=0.0
mainScoreDiffCost=0.0
mainDUDDCost=0.0
mainSeedCost=0.0
secHandiCost=0
secGeoCost=0.0
totalCost=5.0E14
Player1Name=Habart Gilles
Player2Name=Grimond Philippe
baseDuplicateGameCost=5.0E14
baseRandomCost=0.0
baseBWBalanceCost=0.0
mainCategoryCost=0.0
mainScoreDiffCost=0.0
mainDUDDCost=0.0
mainSeedCost=0.0
secHandiCost=0
secGeoCost=0.0
totalCost=5.0E14
Player1Name=Habart Gilles
Player2Name=Neant Fabrice
baseDuplicateGameCost=5.0E14
baseRandomCost=0.0
baseBWBalanceCost=0.0
mainCategoryCost=0.0
mainScoreDiffCost=0.0
mainDUDDCost=0.0
mainSeedCost=0.0
secHandiCost=0
secGeoCost=0.0
totalCost=5.0E14
Player1Name=Habart Gilles
Player2Name=Jollivet Guy
baseDuplicateGameCost=5.0E14
baseRandomCost=0.0
baseBWBalanceCost=0.0
mainCategoryCost=0.0
mainScoreDiffCost=0.0
mainDUDDCost=0.0
mainSeedCost=4858360.0
secHandiCost=9
secGeoCost=0.0
totalCost=5.0000000485836E14
Player1Name=Habart Gilles
Player2Name=Dupré William
baseDuplicateGameCost=5.0E14
baseRandomCost=0.0
baseBWBalanceCost=0.0
mainCategoryCost=0.0
mainScoreDiffCost=0.0
mainDUDDCost=0.0
mainSeedCost=4111167.0
secHandiCost=9
secGeoCost=0.0
totalCost=5.00000004111167E14
Player1Name=Habart Gilles
Player2Name=Guillou Marc
baseDuplicateGameCost=5.0E14
baseRandomCost=0.0
baseBWBalanceCost=0.0
mainCategoryCost=0.0
mainScoreDiffCost=0.0
mainDUDDCost=0.0
mainSeedCost=4884041.0
secHandiCost=0
secGeoCost=0.0
totalCost=5.00000004884041E14
Player1Name=Habart Gilles
Player2Name=Jegou Marc
baseDuplicateGameCost=5.0E14
baseRandomCost=0.0
baseBWBalanceCost=0.0
mainCategoryCost=0.0
mainScoreDiffCost=0.0
mainDUDDCost=0.0
mainSeedCost=4648311.0
secHandiCost=3
secGeoCost=0.0
totalCost=5.00000004648311E14
Player1Name=Habart Gilles
Player2Name=Martin Yvan
baseDuplicateGameCost=5.0E14
baseRandomCost=0.0
baseBWBalanceCost=0.0
mainCategoryCost=0.0
mainScoreDiffCost=0.0
mainDUDDCost=0.0
mainSeedCost=4099425.0
secHandiCost=0
secGeoCost=0.0
totalCost=5.00000004099425E14
Player1Name=Habart Gilles
Player2Name=Born Véronique
baseDuplicateGameCost=5.0E14
baseRandomCost=0.0
baseBWBalanceCost=0.0
mainCategoryCost=0.0
mainScoreDiffCost=0.0
mainDUDDCost=0.0
mainSeedCost=4943455.0
secHandiCost=9
secGeoCost=0.0
totalCost=5.00000004943455E14
Player1Name=Habart Gilles
Player2Name=Bonis Michel
baseDuplicateGameCost=5.0E14
baseRandomCost=0.0
baseBWBalanceCost=0.0
mainCategoryCost=0.0
mainScoreDiffCost=0.0
mainDUDDCost=0.0
mainSeedCost=4587565.0
secHandiCost=0
secGeoCost=0.0
totalCost=5.00000004587565E14
Player1Name=Habart Gilles
Player2Name=Boyart Christian
baseDuplicateGameCost=5.0E14
baseRandomCost=0.0
baseBWBalanceCost=0.0
mainCategoryCost=0.0
mainScoreDiffCost=0.0
mainDUDDCost=0.0
mainSeedCost=4193096.0
secHandiCost=0
secGeoCost=0.0
totalCost=5.00000004193096E14
Player1Name=Habart Gilles
Player2Name=Lamôle Laurent
baseDuplicateGameCost=5.0E14
baseRandomCost=0.0
baseBWBalanceCost=0.0
mainCategoryCost=0.0
mainScoreDiffCost=0.0
mainDUDDCost=0.0
mainSeedCost=4368344.0
secHandiCost=0
secGeoCost=0.0
totalCost=5.00000004368344E14
Player1Name=Habart Gilles
Player2Name=Eon Serge
baseDuplicateGameCost=5.0E14
baseRandomCost=0.0
baseBWBalanceCost=0.0
mainCategoryCost=0.0
mainScoreDiffCost=0.0
mainDUDDCost=0.0
mainSeedCost=4688771.0
secHandiCost=0
secGeoCost=0.0
totalCost=5.00000004688771E14
Player1Name=Habart Gilles
Player2Name=Gajdos Chantal
baseDuplicateGameCost=5.0E14
baseRandomCost=0.0
baseBWBalanceCost=0.0
mainCategoryCost=0.0
mainScoreDiffCost=0.0
mainDUDDCost=0.0
mainSeedCost=4848032.0
secHandiCost=0
secGeoCost=0.0
totalCost=5.00000004848032E14
Player1Name=Habart Gilles
Player2Name=Baratou Paul
baseDuplicateGameCost=5.0E14
baseRandomCost=0.0
baseBWBalanceCost=0.0
mainCategoryCost=0.0
mainScoreDiffCost=0.0
mainDUDDCost=0.0
mainSeedCost=4130642.0
secHandiCost=0
secGeoCost=0.0
totalCost=5.00000004130642E14
Player1Name=Habart Gilles
Player2Name=Mizessyn François
baseDuplicateGameCost=5.0E14
baseRandomCost=0.0
baseBWBalanceCost=0.0
mainCategoryCost=0.0
mainScoreDiffCost=0.0
mainDUDDCost=0.0
mainSeedCost=4008895.0
secHandiCost=0
secGeoCost=0.0
totalCost=5.00000004008895E14
Player1Name=Habart Gilles
Player2Name=Donzet Frédéric
baseDuplicateGameCost=5.0E14
baseRandomCost=0.0
baseBWBalanceCost=0.0
mainCategoryCost=0.0
mainScoreDiffCost=0.0
mainDUDDCost=0.0
mainSeedCost=4897486.0
secHandiCost=0
secGeoCost=0.0
totalCost=5.00000004897486E14
Player1Name=Habart Gilles
Player2Name=Giovanni Nicita
baseDuplicateGameCost=5.0E14
baseRandomCost=0.0
baseBWBalanceCost=0.0
mainCategoryCost=0.0
mainScoreDiffCost=0.0
mainDUDDCost=0.0
mainSeedCost=4027533.0
secHandiCost=2
secGeoCost=0.0
totalCost=5.00000004027533E14
Player1Name=Habart Gilles
Player2Name=Brisson Claude
baseDuplicateGameCost=5.0E14
baseRandomCost=0.0
baseBWBalanceCost=0.0
mainCategoryCost=0.0
mainScoreDiffCost=0.0
mainDUDDCost=0.0
mainSeedCost=4601257.0
secHandiCost=0
secGeoCost=0.0
totalCost=5.00000004601257E14
Player1Name=Hubert Jérôme
Player2Name=Batailler Philippe
baseDuplicateGameCost=5.0E14
baseRandomCost=0.0
baseBWBalanceCost=0.0
mainCategoryCost=0.0
mainScoreDiffCost=0.0
mainDUDDCost=0.0
mainSeedCost=0.0
secHandiCost=2
secGeoCost=0.0
totalCost=5.0E14
Player1Name=Hubert Jérôme
Player2Name=Grimond Philippe
baseDuplicateGameCost=5.0E14
baseRandomCost=0.0
baseBWBalanceCost=0.0
mainCategoryCost=0.0
mainScoreDiffCost=0.0
mainDUDDCost=0.0
mainSeedCost=0.0
secHandiCost=6
secGeoCost=0.0
totalCost=5.0E14
Player1Name=Hubert Jérôme
Player2Name=Neant Fabrice
baseDuplicateGameCost=5.0E14
baseRandomCost=0.0
baseBWBalanceCost=0.0
mainCategoryCost=0.0
mainScoreDiffCost=0.0
mainDUDDCost=0.0
mainSeedCost=0.0
secHandiCost=6
secGeoCost=0.0
totalCost=5.0E14
Player1Name=Hubert Jérôme
Player2Name=Jollivet Guy
baseDuplicateGameCost=5.0E14
baseRandomCost=0.0
baseBWBalanceCost=0.0
mainCategoryCost=0.0
mainScoreDiffCost=0.0
mainDUDDCost=0.0
mainSeedCost=4061661.0
secHandiCost=9
secGeoCost=0.0
totalCost=5.00000004061661E14
Player1Name=Hubert Jérôme
Player2Name=Dupré William
baseDuplicateGameCost=5.0E14
baseRandomCost=0.0
baseBWBalanceCost=0.0
mainCategoryCost=0.0
mainScoreDiffCost=0.0
mainDUDDCost=0.0
mainSeedCost=4270156.0
secHandiCost=9
secGeoCost=0.0
totalCost=5.00000004270156E14
Player1Name=Hubert Jérôme
Player2Name=Guillou Marc
baseDuplicateGameCost=5.0E14
baseRandomCost=0.0
baseBWBalanceCost=0.0
mainCategoryCost=0.0
mainScoreDiffCost=0.0
mainDUDDCost=0.0
mainSeedCost=4784392.0
secHandiCost=3
secGeoCost=0.0
totalCost=5.00000004784392E14
Player1Name=Hubert Jérôme
Player2Name=Jegou Marc
baseDuplicateGameCost=5.0E14
baseRandomCost=0.0
baseBWBalanceCost=0.0
mainCategoryCost=0.0
mainScoreDiffCost=0.0
mainDUDDCost=0.0
mainSeedCost=4851613.0
secHandiCost=9
secGeoCost=0.0
totalCost=5.00000004851613E14
Player1Name=Hubert Jérôme
Player2Name=Martin Yvan
baseDuplicateGameCost=5.0E14
baseRandomCost=0.0
baseBWBalanceCost=0.0
mainCategoryCost=0.0
mainScoreDiffCost=0.0
mainDUDDCost=0.0
mainSeedCost=4302727.0
secHandiCost=3
secGeoCost=0.0
totalCost=5.00000004302727E14
Player1Name=Hubert Jérôme
Player2Name=Born Véronique
baseDuplicateGameCost=5.0E14
baseRandomCost=0.0
baseBWBalanceCost=0.0
mainCategoryCost=0.0
mainScoreDiffCost=0.0
mainDUDDCost=0.0
mainSeedCost=4361081.0
secHandiCost=9
secGeoCost=0.0
totalCost=5.00000004361081E14
Player1Name=Hubert Jérôme
Player2Name=Bonis Michel
baseDuplicateGameCost=5.0E14
baseRandomCost=0.0
baseBWBalanceCost=0.0
mainCategoryCost=0.0
mainScoreDiffCost=0.0
mainDUDDCost=0.0
mainSeedCost=4487916.0
secHandiCost=6
secGeoCost=0.0
totalCost=5.00000004487916E14
Player1Name=Hubert Jérôme
Player2Name=Boyart Christian
baseDuplicateGameCost=5.0E14
baseRandomCost=0.0
baseBWBalanceCost=0.0
mainCategoryCost=0.0
mainScoreDiffCost=0.0
mainDUDDCost=0.0
mainSeedCost=4127998.0
secHandiCost=5
secGeoCost=0.0
totalCost=5.00000004127998E14
Player1Name=Hubert Jérôme
Player2Name=Lamôle Laurent
baseDuplicateGameCost=5.0E14
baseRandomCost=0.0
baseBWBalanceCost=0.0
mainCategoryCost=0.0
mainScoreDiffCost=0.0
mainDUDDCost=0.0
mainSeedCost=4571646.0
secHandiCost=2
secGeoCost=0.0
totalCost=5.00000004571646E14
Player1Name=Hubert Jérôme
Player2Name=Eon Serge
baseDuplicateGameCost=5.0E14
baseRandomCost=0.0
baseBWBalanceCost=0.0
mainCategoryCost=0.0
mainScoreDiffCost=0.0
mainDUDDCost=0.0
mainSeedCost=4813209.0
secHandiCost=4
secGeoCost=0.0
totalCost=5.00000004813209E14
Player1Name=Hubert Jérôme
Player2Name=Gajdos Chantal
baseDuplicateGameCost=5.0E14
baseRandomCost=0.0
baseBWBalanceCost=0.0
mainCategoryCost=0.0
mainScoreDiffCost=0.0
mainDUDDCost=0.0
mainSeedCost=4265658.0
secHandiCost=4
secGeoCost=0.0
totalCost=5.00000004265658E14
Player1Name=Hubert Jérôme
Player2Name=Baratou Paul
baseDuplicateGameCost=5.0E14
baseRandomCost=0.0
baseBWBalanceCost=0.0
mainCategoryCost=0.0
mainScoreDiffCost=0.0
mainDUDDCost=0.0
mainSeedCost=4030993.0
secHandiCost=1
secGeoCost=0.0
totalCost=5.00000004030993E14
Player1Name=Hubert Jérôme
Player2Name=Mizessyn François
baseDuplicateGameCost=5.0E14
baseRandomCost=0.0
baseBWBalanceCost=0.0
mainCategoryCost=0.0
mainScoreDiffCost=0.0
mainDUDDCost=0.0
mainSeedCost=4212197.0
secHandiCost=0
secGeoCost=0.0
totalCost=5.00000004212197E14
Player1Name=Hubert Jérôme
Player2Name=Donzet Frédéric
baseDuplicateGameCost=5.0E14
baseRandomCost=0.0
baseBWBalanceCost=0.0
mainCategoryCost=0.0
mainScoreDiffCost=0.0
mainDUDDCost=0.0
mainSeedCost=4573750.0
secHandiCost=0
secGeoCost=0.0
totalCost=5.0000000457375E14
Player1Name=Hubert Jérôme
Player2Name=Giovanni Nicita
baseDuplicateGameCost=5.0E14
baseRandomCost=0.0
baseBWBalanceCost=0.0
mainCategoryCost=0.0
mainScoreDiffCost=0.0
mainDUDDCost=0.0
mainSeedCost=4703798.0
secHandiCost=9
secGeoCost=0.0
totalCost=5.00000004703798E14
Player1Name=Hubert Jérôme
Player2Name=Brisson Claude
baseDuplicateGameCost=5.0E14
baseRandomCost=0.0
baseBWBalanceCost=0.0
mainCategoryCost=0.0
mainScoreDiffCost=0.0
mainDUDDCost=0.0
mainSeedCost=4018883.0
secHandiCost=6
secGeoCost=0.0
totalCost=5.00000004018883E14
Player1Name=Batailler Philippe
Player2Name=Grimond Philippe
baseDuplicateGameCost=5.0E14
baseRandomCost=0.0
baseBWBalanceCost=0.0
mainCategoryCost=0.0
mainScoreDiffCost=0.0
mainDUDDCost=0.0
mainSeedCost=0.0
secHandiCost=3
secGeoCost=0.0
totalCost=5.0E14
Player1Name=Batailler Philippe
Player2Name=Neant Fabrice
baseDuplicateGameCost=5.0E14
baseRandomCost=0.0
baseBWBalanceCost=0.0
mainCategoryCost=0.0
mainScoreDiffCost=0.0
mainDUDDCost=0.0
mainSeedCost=0.0
secHandiCost=3
secGeoCost=0.0
totalCost=5.0E14
Player1Name=Batailler Philippe
Player2Name=Jollivet Guy
baseDuplicateGameCost=5.0E14
baseRandomCost=0.0
baseBWBalanceCost=0.0
mainCategoryCost=0.0
mainScoreDiffCost=0.0
mainDUDDCost=0.0
mainSeedCost=4110818.0
secHandiCost=9
secGeoCost=0.0
totalCost=5.00000004110818E14
Player1Name=Batailler Philippe
Player2Name=Dupré William
baseDuplicateGameCost=5.0E14
baseRandomCost=0.0
baseBWBalanceCost=0.0
mainCategoryCost=0.0
mainScoreDiffCost=0.0
mainDUDDCost=0.0
mainSeedCost=4382604.0
secHandiCost=9
secGeoCost=0.0
totalCost=5.00000004382604E14
Player1Name=Batailler Philippe
Player2Name=Guillou Marc
baseDuplicateGameCost=5.0E14
baseRandomCost=0.0
baseBWBalanceCost=0.0
mainCategoryCost=0.0
mainScoreDiffCost=0.0
mainDUDDCost=0.0
mainSeedCost=4257499.0
secHandiCost=0
secGeoCost=0.0
totalCost=5.00000004257499E14
Player1Name=Batailler Philippe
Player2Name=Jegou Marc
baseDuplicateGameCost=5.0E14
baseRandomCost=0.0
baseBWBalanceCost=0.0
mainCategoryCost=0.0
mainScoreDiffCost=0.0
mainDUDDCost=0.0
mainSeedCost=4317778.0
secHandiCost=7
secGeoCost=0.0
totalCost=5.00000004317778E14
Player1Name=Batailler Philippe
Player2Name=Martin Yvan
baseDuplicateGameCost=5.0E14
baseRandomCost=0.0
baseBWBalanceCost=0.0
mainCategoryCost=0.0
mainScoreDiffCost=0.0
mainDUDDCost=0.0
mainSeedCost=4572857.0
secHandiCost=0
secGeoCost=0.0
totalCost=5.00000004572857E14
Player1Name=Batailler Philippe
Player2Name=Born Véronique
baseDuplicateGameCost=5.0E14
baseRandomCost=0.0
baseBWBalanceCost=0.0
mainCategoryCost=0.0
mainScoreDiffCost=0.0
mainDUDDCost=0.0
mainSeedCost=4564948.0
secHandiCost=9
secGeoCost=0.0
totalCost=5.00000004564948E14
Player1Name=Batailler Philippe
Player2Name=Bonis Michel
baseDuplicateGameCost=5.0E14
baseRandomCost=0.0
baseBWBalanceCost=0.0
mainCategoryCost=0.0
mainScoreDiffCost=0.0
mainDUDDCost=0.0
mainSeedCost=4664202.0
secHandiCost=3
secGeoCost=0.0
totalCost=5.00000004664202E14
Player1Name=Batailler Philippe
Player2Name=Boyart Christian
baseDuplicateGameCost=5.0E14
baseRandomCost=0.0
baseBWBalanceCost=0.0
mainCategoryCost=0.0
mainScoreDiffCost=0.0
mainDUDDCost=0.0
mainSeedCost=4337302.0
secHandiCost=2
secGeoCost=0.0
totalCost=5.00000004337302E14
Player1Name=Batailler Philippe
Player2Name=Lamôle Laurent
baseDuplicateGameCost=5.0E14
baseRandomCost=0.0
baseBWBalanceCost=0.0
mainCategoryCost=0.0
mainScoreDiffCost=0.0
mainDUDDCost=0.0
mainSeedCost=4006893.0
secHandiCost=0
secGeoCost=0.0
totalCost=5.00000004006893E14
Player1Name=Batailler Philippe
Player2Name=Eon Serge
baseDuplicateGameCost=5.0E14
baseRandomCost=0.0
baseBWBalanceCost=0.0
mainCategoryCost=0.0
mainScoreDiffCost=0.0
mainDUDDCost=0.0
mainSeedCost=4855320.0
secHandiCost=1
secGeoCost=0.0
totalCost=5.0000000485532E14
Player1Name=Batailler Philippe
Player2Name=Gajdos Chantal
baseDuplicateGameCost=5.0E14
baseRandomCost=0.0
baseBWBalanceCost=0.0
mainCategoryCost=0.0
mainScoreDiffCost=0.0
mainDUDDCost=0.0
mainSeedCost=4319656.0
secHandiCost=1
secGeoCost=0.0
totalCost=5.00000004319656E14
Player1Name=Batailler Philippe
Player2Name=Baratou Paul
baseDuplicateGameCost=5.0E14
baseRandomCost=0.0
baseBWBalanceCost=0.0
mainCategoryCost=0.0
mainScoreDiffCost=0.0
mainDUDDCost=0.0
mainSeedCost=4136302.0
secHandiCost=0
secGeoCost=0.0
totalCost=5.00000004136302E14
Player1Name=Batailler Philippe
Player2Name=Mizessyn François
baseDuplicateGameCost=5.0E14
baseRandomCost=0.0
baseBWBalanceCost=0.0
mainCategoryCost=0.0
mainScoreDiffCost=0.0
mainDUDDCost=0.0
mainSeedCost=4638869.0
secHandiCost=0
secGeoCost=0.0
totalCost=5.00000004638869E14
Player1Name=Batailler Philippe
Player2Name=Donzet Frédéric
baseDuplicateGameCost=5.0E14
baseRandomCost=0.0
baseBWBalanceCost=0.0
mainCategoryCost=0.0
mainScoreDiffCost=0.0
mainDUDDCost=0.0
mainSeedCost=4517397.0
secHandiCost=0
secGeoCost=0.0
totalCost=5.00000004517397E14
Player1Name=Batailler Philippe
Player2Name=Giovanni Nicita
baseDuplicateGameCost=5.0E14
baseRandomCost=0.0
baseBWBalanceCost=0.0
mainCategoryCost=0.0
mainScoreDiffCost=0.0
mainDUDDCost=0.0
mainSeedCost=4154785.0
secHandiCost=6
secGeoCost=0.0
totalCost=5.00000004154785E14
Player1Name=Batailler Philippe
Player2Name=Brisson Claude
baseDuplicateGameCost=5.0E14
baseRandomCost=0.0
baseBWBalanceCost=0.0
mainCategoryCost=0.0
mainScoreDiffCost=0.0
mainDUDDCost=0.0
mainSeedCost=4567469.0
secHandiCost=3
secGeoCost=0.0
totalCost=5.00000004567469E14
Player1Name=Grimond Philippe
Player2Name=Neant Fabrice
baseDuplicateGameCost=5.0E14
baseRandomCost=0.0
baseBWBalanceCost=0.0
mainCategoryCost=0.0
mainScoreDiffCost=0.0
mainDUDDCost=0.0
mainSeedCost=0.0
secHandiCost=0
secGeoCost=0.0
totalCost=5.0E14
Player1Name=Grimond Philippe
Player2Name=Jollivet Guy
baseDuplicateGameCost=5.0E14
baseRandomCost=0.0
baseBWBalanceCost=0.0
mainCategoryCost=0.0
mainScoreDiffCost=0.0
mainDUDDCost=0.0
mainSeedCost=4419256.0
secHandiCost=9
secGeoCost=0.0
totalCost=5.00000004419256E14
Player1Name=Grimond Philippe
Player2Name=Dupré William
baseDuplicateGameCost=5.0E14
baseRandomCost=0.0
baseBWBalanceCost=0.0
mainCategoryCost=0.0
mainScoreDiffCost=0.0
mainDUDDCost=0.0
mainSeedCost=4807525.0
secHandiCost=9
secGeoCost=0.0
totalCost=5.00000004807525E14
Player1Name=Grimond Philippe
Player2Name=Guillou Marc
baseDuplicateGameCost=5.0E14
baseRandomCost=0.0
baseBWBalanceCost=0.0
mainCategoryCost=0.0
mainScoreDiffCost=0.0
mainDUDDCost=0.0
mainSeedCost=4368517.0
secHandiCost=0
secGeoCost=0.0
totalCost=5.00000004368517E14
Player1Name=Grimond Philippe
Player2Name=Jegou Marc
baseDuplicateGameCost=5.0E14
baseRandomCost=0.0
baseBWBalanceCost=0.0
mainCategoryCost=0.0
mainScoreDiffCost=0.0
mainDUDDCost=0.0
mainSeedCost=4059412.0
secHandiCost=3
secGeoCost=0.0
totalCost=5.00000004059412E14
Player1Name=Grimond Philippe
Player2Name=Martin Yvan
baseDuplicateGameCost=5.0E14
baseRandomCost=0.0
baseBWBalanceCost=0.0
mainCategoryCost=0.0
mainScoreDiffCost=0.0
mainDUDDCost=0.0
mainSeedCost=4992906.0
secHandiCost=0
secGeoCost=0.0
totalCost=5.00000004992906E14
Player1Name=Grimond Philippe
Player2Name=Born Véronique
baseDuplicateGameCost=5.0E14
baseRandomCost=0.0
baseBWBalanceCost=0.0
mainCategoryCost=0.0
mainScoreDiffCost=0.0
mainDUDDCost=0.0
mainSeedCost=4565001.0
secHandiCost=9
secGeoCost=0.0
totalCost=5.00000004565001E14
Player1Name=Grimond Philippe
Player2Name=Bonis Michel
baseDuplicateGameCost=5.0E14
baseRandomCost=0.0
baseBWBalanceCost=0.0
mainCategoryCost=0.0
mainScoreDiffCost=0.0
mainDUDDCost=0.0
mainSeedCost=4358733.0
secHandiCost=0
secGeoCost=0.0
totalCost=5.00000004358733E14
Player1Name=Grimond Philippe
Player2Name=Boyart Christian
baseDuplicateGameCost=5.0E14
baseRandomCost=0.0
baseBWBalanceCost=0.0
mainCategoryCost=0.0
mainScoreDiffCost=0.0
mainDUDDCost=0.0
mainSeedCost=4665021.0
secHandiCost=0
secGeoCost=0.0
totalCost=5.00000004665021E14
Player1Name=Grimond Philippe
Player2Name=Lamôle Laurent
baseDuplicateGameCost=5.0E14
baseRandomCost=0.0
baseBWBalanceCost=0.0
mainCategoryCost=0.0
mainScoreDiffCost=0.0
mainDUDDCost=0.0
mainSeedCost=4560895.0
secHandiCost=0
secGeoCost=0.0
totalCost=5.00000004560895E14
Player1Name=Grimond Philippe
Player2Name=Eon Serge
baseDuplicateGameCost=5.0E14
baseRandomCost=0.0
baseBWBalanceCost=0.0
mainCategoryCost=0.0
mainScoreDiffCost=0.0
mainDUDDCost=0.0
mainSeedCost=4684372.0
secHandiCost=0
secGeoCost=0.0
totalCost=5.00000004684372E14
Player1Name=Grimond Philippe
Player2Name=Gajdos Chantal
baseDuplicateGameCost=5.0E14
baseRandomCost=0.0
baseBWBalanceCost=0.0
mainCategoryCost=0.0
mainScoreDiffCost=0.0
mainDUDDCost=0.0
mainSeedCost=4469578.0
secHandiCost=0
secGeoCost=0.0
totalCost=5.00000004469578E14
Player1Name=Grimond Philippe
Player2Name=Baratou Paul
baseDuplicateGameCost=5.0E14
baseRandomCost=0.0
baseBWBalanceCost=0.0
mainCategoryCost=0.0
mainScoreDiffCost=0.0
mainDUDDCost=0.0
mainSeedCost=4901811.0
secHandiCost=0
secGeoCost=0.0
totalCost=5.00000004901811E14
Player1Name=Grimond Philippe
Player2Name=Mizessyn François
baseDuplicateGameCost=5.0E14
baseRandomCost=0.0
baseBWBalanceCost=0.0
mainCategoryCost=0.0
mainScoreDiffCost=0.0
mainDUDDCost=0.0
mainSeedCost=4796301.0
secHandiCost=0
secGeoCost=0.0
totalCost=5.00000004796301E14
Player1Name=Grimond Philippe
Player2Name=Donzet Frédéric
baseDuplicateGameCost=5.0E14
baseRandomCost=0.0
baseBWBalanceCost=0.0
mainCategoryCost=0.0
mainScoreDiffCost=0.0
mainDUDDCost=0.0
mainSeedCost=4444221.0
secHandiCost=0
secGeoCost=0.0
totalCost=5.00000004444221E14
Player1Name=Grimond Philippe
Player2Name=Giovanni Nicita
baseDuplicateGameCost=5.0E14
baseRandomCost=0.0
baseBWBalanceCost=0.0
mainCategoryCost=0.0
mainScoreDiffCost=0.0
mainDUDDCost=0.0
mainSeedCost=4574269.0
secHandiCost=2
secGeoCost=0.0
totalCost=5.00000004574269E14
Player1Name=Grimond Philippe
Player2Name=Brisson Claude
baseDuplicateGameCost=5.0E14
baseRandomCost=0.0
baseBWBalanceCost=0.0
mainCategoryCost=0.0
mainScoreDiffCost=0.0
mainDUDDCost=0.0
mainSeedCost=4222803.0
secHandiCost=0
secGeoCost=0.0
totalCost=5.00000004222803E14
Player1Name=Neant Fabrice
Player2Name=Jollivet Guy
baseDuplicateGameCost=5.0E14
baseRandomCost=0.0
baseBWBalanceCost=0.0
mainCategoryCost=0.0
mainScoreDiffCost=0.0
mainDUDDCost=0.0
mainSeedCost=4538729.0
secHandiCost=9
secGeoCost=0.0
totalCost=5.00000004538729E14
Player1Name=Neant Fabrice
Player2Name=Dupré William
baseDuplicateGameCost=5.0E14
baseRandomCost=0.0
baseBWBalanceCost=0.0
mainCategoryCost=0.0
mainScoreDiffCost=0.0
mainDUDDCost=0.0
mainSeedCost=4642901.0
secHandiCost=9
secGeoCost=0.0
totalCost=5.00000004642901E14
Player1Name=Neant Fabrice
Player2Name=Guillou Marc
baseDuplicateGameCost=5.0E14
baseRandomCost=0.0
baseBWBalanceCost=0.0
mainCategoryCost=0.0
mainScoreDiffCost=0.0
mainDUDDCost=0.0
mainSeedCost=4168826.0
secHandiCost=0
secGeoCost=0.0
totalCost=5.00000004168826E14
Player1Name=Neant Fabrice
Player2Name=Jegou Marc
baseDuplicateGameCost=5.0E14
baseRandomCost=0.0
baseBWBalanceCost=0.0
mainCategoryCost=0.0
mainScoreDiffCost=0.0
mainDUDDCost=0.0
mainSeedCost=4030795.0
secHandiCost=3
secGeoCost=0.0
totalCost=5.00000004030795E14
Player1Name=Neant Fabrice
Player2Name=Martin Yvan
baseDuplicateGameCost=5.0E14
baseRandomCost=0.0
baseBWBalanceCost=0.0
mainCategoryCost=0.0
mainScoreDiffCost=0.0
mainDUDDCost=0.0
mainSeedCost=4371090.0
secHandiCost=0
secGeoCost=0.0
totalCost=5.0000000437109E14
Player1Name=Neant Fabrice
Player2Name=Born Véronique
baseDuplicateGameCost=5.0E14
baseRandomCost=0.0
baseBWBalanceCost=0.0
mainCategoryCost=0.0
mainScoreDiffCost=0.0
mainDUDDCost=0.0
mainSeedCost=4722136.0
secHandiCost=9
secGeoCost=0.0
totalCost=5.00000004722136E14
Player1Name=Neant Fabrice
Player2Name=Bonis Michel
baseDuplicateGameCost=5.0E14
baseRandomCost=0.0
baseBWBalanceCost=0.0
mainCategoryCost=0.0
mainScoreDiffCost=0.0
mainDUDDCost=0.0
mainSeedCost=4872351.0
secHandiCost=0
secGeoCost=0.0
totalCost=5.00000004872351E14
Player1Name=Neant Fabrice
Player2Name=Boyart Christian
baseDuplicateGameCost=5.0E14
baseRandomCost=0.0
baseBWBalanceCost=0.0
mainCategoryCost=0.0
mainScoreDiffCost=0.0
mainDUDDCost=0.0
mainSeedCost=4465673.0
secHandiCost=0
secGeoCost=0.0
totalCost=5.00000004465673E14
Player1Name=Neant Fabrice
Player2Name=Lamôle Laurent
baseDuplicateGameCost=5.0E14
baseRandomCost=0.0
baseBWBalanceCost=0.0
mainCategoryCost=0.0
mainScoreDiffCost=0.0
mainDUDDCost=0.0
mainSeedCost=4834785.0
secHandiCost=0
secGeoCost=0.0
totalCost=5.00000004834785E14
Player1Name=Neant Fabrice
Player2Name=Eon Serge
baseDuplicateGameCost=5.0E14
baseRandomCost=0.0
baseBWBalanceCost=0.0
mainCategoryCost=0.0
mainScoreDiffCost=0.0
mainDUDDCost=0.0
mainSeedCost=4232713.0
secHandiCost=0
secGeoCost=0.0
totalCost=5.00000004232713E14
Player1Name=Neant Fabrice
Player2Name=Gajdos Chantal
baseDuplicateGameCost=5.0E14
baseRandomCost=0.0
baseBWBalanceCost=0.0
mainCategoryCost=0.0
mainScoreDiffCost=0.0
mainDUDDCost=0.0
mainSeedCost=4626713.0
secHandiCost=0
secGeoCost=0.0
totalCost=5.00000004626713E14
Player1Name=Neant Fabrice
Player2Name=Baratou Paul
baseDuplicateGameCost=5.0E14
baseRandomCost=0.0
baseBWBalanceCost=0.0
mainCategoryCost=0.0
mainScoreDiffCost=0.0
mainDUDDCost=0.0
mainSeedCost=4415428.0
secHandiCost=0
secGeoCost=0.0
totalCost=5.00000004415428E14
Player1Name=Neant Fabrice
Player2Name=Mizessyn François
baseDuplicateGameCost=5.0E14
baseRandomCost=0.0
baseBWBalanceCost=0.0
mainCategoryCost=0.0
mainScoreDiffCost=0.0
mainDUDDCost=0.0
mainSeedCost=4875243.0
secHandiCost=0
secGeoCost=0.0
totalCost=5.00000004875243E14
Player1Name=Neant Fabrice
Player2Name=Donzet Frédéric
baseDuplicateGameCost=5.0E14
baseRandomCost=0.0
baseBWBalanceCost=0.0
mainCategoryCost=0.0
mainScoreDiffCost=0.0
mainDUDDCost=0.0
mainSeedCost=4923115.0
secHandiCost=0
secGeoCost=0.0
totalCost=5.00000004923115E14
Player1Name=Neant Fabrice
Player2Name=Giovanni Nicita
baseDuplicateGameCost=5.0E14
baseRandomCost=0.0
baseBWBalanceCost=0.0
mainCategoryCost=0.0
mainScoreDiffCost=0.0
mainDUDDCost=0.0
mainSeedCost=4053162.0
secHandiCost=2
secGeoCost=0.0
totalCost=5.00000004053162E14
Player1Name=Neant Fabrice
Player2Name=Brisson Claude
baseDuplicateGameCost=5.0E14
baseRandomCost=0.0
baseBWBalanceCost=0.0
mainCategoryCost=0.0
mainScoreDiffCost=0.0
mainDUDDCost=0.0
mainSeedCost=4379938.0
secHandiCost=0
secGeoCost=0.0
totalCost=5.00000004379938E14
Player1Name=Jollivet Guy
Player2Name=Dupré William
baseDuplicateGameCost=5.0E14
baseRandomCost=0.0
baseBWBalanceCost=0.0
mainCategoryCost=0.0
mainScoreDiffCost=0.0
mainDUDDCost=0.0
mainSeedCost=0.0
secHandiCost=9
secGeoCost=0.0
totalCost=5.0E14
Player1Name=Jollivet Guy
Player2Name=Guillou Marc
baseDuplicateGameCost=5.0E14
baseRandomCost=0.0
baseBWBalanceCost=0.0
mainCategoryCost=0.0
mainScoreDiffCost=0.0
mainDUDDCost=0.0
mainSeedCost=0.0
secHandiCost=0
secGeoCost=0.0
totalCost=5.0E14
Player1Name=Jollivet Guy
Player2Name=Jegou Marc
baseDuplicateGameCost=5.0E14
baseRandomCost=0.0
baseBWBalanceCost=0.0
mainCategoryCost=0.0
mainScoreDiffCost=0.0
mainDUDDCost=0.0
mainSeedCost=0.0
secHandiCost=0
secGeoCost=0.0
totalCost=5.0E14
Player1Name=Jollivet Guy
Player2Name=Martin Yvan
baseDuplicateGameCost=5.0E14
baseRandomCost=0.0
baseBWBalanceCost=0.0
mainCategoryCost=0.0
mainScoreDiffCost=0.0
mainDUDDCost=0.0
mainSeedCost=0.0
secHandiCost=0
secGeoCost=0.0
totalCost=5.0E14
Player1Name=Jollivet Guy
Player2Name=Born Véronique
baseDuplicateGameCost=5.0E14
baseRandomCost=0.0
baseBWBalanceCost=0.0
mainCategoryCost=0.0
mainScoreDiffCost=0.0
mainDUDDCost=0.0
mainSeedCost=0.0
secHandiCost=9
secGeoCost=0.0
totalCost=5.0E14
Player1Name=Jollivet Guy
Player2Name=Bonis Michel
baseDuplicateGameCost=5.0E14
baseRandomCost=0.0
baseBWBalanceCost=0.0
mainCategoryCost=0.0
mainScoreDiffCost=0.0
mainDUDDCost=0.0
mainSeedCost=0.0
secHandiCost=0
secGeoCost=0.0
totalCost=5.0E14
Player1Name=Jollivet Guy
Player2Name=Boyart Christian
baseDuplicateGameCost=5.0E14
baseRandomCost=0.0
baseBWBalanceCost=0.0
mainCategoryCost=0.0
mainScoreDiffCost=0.0
mainDUDDCost=0.0
mainSeedCost=0.0
secHandiCost=0
secGeoCost=0.0
totalCost=5.0E14
Player1Name=Jollivet Guy
Player2Name=Lamôle Laurent
baseDuplicateGameCost=5.0E14
baseRandomCost=0.0
baseBWBalanceCost=0.0
mainCategoryCost=0.0
mainScoreDiffCost=0.0
mainDUDDCost=0.0
mainSeedCost=0.0
secHandiCost=0
secGeoCost=0.0
totalCost=5.0E14
Player1Name=Jollivet Guy
Player2Name=Eon Serge
baseDuplicateGameCost=5.0E14
baseRandomCost=0.0
baseBWBalanceCost=0.0
mainCategoryCost=0.0
mainScoreDiffCost=0.0
mainDUDDCost=0.0
mainSeedCost=0.0
secHandiCost=0
secGeoCost=0.0
totalCost=5.0E14
Player1Name=Jollivet Guy
Player2Name=Gajdos Chantal
baseDuplicateGameCost=5.0E14
baseRandomCost=0.0
baseBWBalanceCost=0.0
mainCategoryCost=0.0
mainScoreDiffCost=0.0
mainDUDDCost=0.0
mainSeedCost=0.0
secHandiCost=0
secGeoCost=0.0
totalCost=5.0E14
Player1Name=Jollivet Guy
Player2Name=Baratou Paul
baseDuplicateGameCost=5.0E14
baseRandomCost=0.0
baseBWBalanceCost=0.0
mainCategoryCost=0.0
mainScoreDiffCost=0.0
mainDUDDCost=0.0
mainSeedCost=0.0
secHandiCost=0
secGeoCost=0.0
totalCost=5.0E14
Player1Name=Jollivet Guy
Player2Name=Mizessyn François
baseDuplicateGameCost=5.0E14
baseRandomCost=0.0
baseBWBalanceCost=0.0
mainCategoryCost=0.0
mainScoreDiffCost=0.0
mainDUDDCost=0.0
mainSeedCost=0.0
secHandiCost=0
secGeoCost=0.0
totalCost=5.0E14
Player1Name=Jollivet Guy
Player2Name=Donzet Frédéric
baseDuplicateGameCost=5.0E14
baseRandomCost=0.0
baseBWBalanceCost=0.0
mainCategoryCost=0.0
mainScoreDiffCost=0.0
mainDUDDCost=0.0
mainSeedCost=0.0
secHandiCost=0
secGeoCost=0.0
totalCost=5.0E14
Player1Name=Jollivet Guy
Player2Name=Giovanni Nicita
baseDuplicateGameCost=5.0E14
baseRandomCost=0.0
baseBWBalanceCost=0.0
mainCategoryCost=0.0
mainScoreDiffCost=0.0
mainDUDDCost=0.0
mainSeedCost=0.0
secHandiCost=0
secGeoCost=0.0
totalCost=5.0E14
Player1Name=Jollivet Guy
Player2Name=Brisson Claude
baseDuplicateGameCost=5.0E14
baseRandomCost=0.0
baseBWBalanceCost=0.0
mainCategoryCost=0.0
mainScoreDiffCost=0.0
mainDUDDCost=0.0
mainSeedCost=0.0
secHandiCost=0
secGeoCost=0.0
totalCost=5.0E14
Player1Name=Dupré William
Player2Name=Guillou Marc
baseDuplicateGameCost=5.0E14
baseRandomCost=0.0
baseBWBalanceCost=0.0
mainCategoryCost=0.0
mainScoreDiffCost=0.0
mainDUDDCost=0.0
mainSeedCost=0.0
secHandiCost=0
secGeoCost=0.0
totalCost=5.0E14
Player1Name=Dupré William
Player2Name=Jegou Marc
baseDuplicateGameCost=5.0E14
baseRandomCost=0.0
baseBWBalanceCost=0.0
mainCategoryCost=0.0
mainScoreDiffCost=0.0
mainDUDDCost=0.0
mainSeedCost=0.0
secHandiCost=0
secGeoCost=0.0
totalCost=5.0E14
Player1Name=Dupré William
Player2Name=Martin Yvan
baseDuplicateGameCost=5.0E14
baseRandomCost=0.0
baseBWBalanceCost=0.0
mainCategoryCost=0.0
mainScoreDiffCost=0.0
mainDUDDCost=0.0
mainSeedCost=0.0
secHandiCost=0
secGeoCost=0.0
totalCost=5.0E14
Player1Name=Dupré William
Player2Name=Born Véronique
baseDuplicateGameCost=5.0E14
baseRandomCost=0.0
baseBWBalanceCost=0.0
mainCategoryCost=0.0
mainScoreDiffCost=0.0
mainDUDDCost=0.0
mainSeedCost=0.0
secHandiCost=0
secGeoCost=0.0
totalCost=5.0E14
Player1Name=Dupré William
Player2Name=Bonis Michel
baseDuplicateGameCost=5.0E14
baseRandomCost=0.0
baseBWBalanceCost=0.0
mainCategoryCost=0.0
mainScoreDiffCost=0.0
mainDUDDCost=0.0
mainSeedCost=0.0
secHandiCost=0
secGeoCost=0.0
totalCost=5.0E14
Player1Name=Dupré William
Player2Name=Boyart Christian
baseDuplicateGameCost=5.0E14
baseRandomCost=0.0
baseBWBalanceCost=0.0
mainCategoryCost=0.0
mainScoreDiffCost=0.0
mainDUDDCost=0.0
mainSeedCost=0.0
secHandiCost=0
secGeoCost=0.0
totalCost=5.0E14
Player1Name=Dupré William
Player2Name=Lamôle Laurent
baseDuplicateGameCost=5.0E14
baseRandomCost=0.0
baseBWBalanceCost=0.0
mainCategoryCost=0.0
mainScoreDiffCost=0.0
mainDUDDCost=0.0
mainSeedCost=0.0
secHandiCost=0
secGeoCost=0.0
totalCost=5.0E14
Player1Name=Dupré William
Player2Name=Eon Serge
baseDuplicateGameCost=5.0E14
baseRandomCost=0.0
baseBWBalanceCost=0.0
mainCategoryCost=0.0
mainScoreDiffCost=0.0
mainDUDDCost=0.0
mainSeedCost=0.0
secHandiCost=0
secGeoCost=0.0
totalCost=5.0E14
Player1Name=Dupré William
Player2Name=Gajdos Chantal
baseDuplicateGameCost=5.0E14
baseRandomCost=0.0
baseBWBalanceCost=0.0
mainCategoryCost=0.0
mainScoreDiffCost=0.0
mainDUDDCost=0.0
mainSeedCost=0.0
secHandiCost=0
secGeoCost=0.0
totalCost=5.0E14
Player1Name=Dupré William
Player2Name=Baratou Paul
baseDuplicateGameCost=5.0E14
baseRandomCost=0.0
baseBWBalanceCost=0.0
mainCategoryCost=0.0
mainScoreDiffCost=0.0
mainDUDDCost=0.0
mainSeedCost=0.0
secHandiCost=0
secGeoCost=0.0
totalCost=5.0E14
Player1Name=Dupré William
Player2Name=Mizessyn François
baseDuplicateGameCost=5.0E14
baseRandomCost=0.0
baseBWBalanceCost=0.0
mainCategoryCost=0.0
mainScoreDiffCost=0.0
mainDUDDCost=0.0
mainSeedCost=0.0
secHandiCost=0
secGeoCost=0.0
totalCost=5.0E14
Player1Name=Dupré William
Player2Name=Donzet Frédéric
baseDuplicateGameCost=5.0E14
baseRandomCost=0.0
baseBWBalanceCost=0.0
mainCategoryCost=0.0
mainScoreDiffCost=0.0
mainDUDDCost=0.0
mainSeedCost=0.0
secHandiCost=0
secGeoCost=0.0
totalCost=5.0E14
Player1Name=Dupré William
Player2Name=Giovanni Nicita
baseDuplicateGameCost=5.0E14
baseRandomCost=0.0
baseBWBalanceCost=0.0
mainCategoryCost=0.0
mainScoreDiffCost=0.0
mainDUDDCost=0.0
mainSeedCost=0.0
secHandiCost=0
secGeoCost=0.0
totalCost=5.0E14
Player1Name=Dupré William
Player2Name=Brisson Claude
baseDuplicateGameCost=5.0E14
baseRandomCost=0.0
baseBWBalanceCost=0.0
mainCategoryCost=0.0
mainScoreDiffCost=0.0
mainDUDDCost=0.0
mainSeedCost=0.0
secHandiCost=0
secGeoCost=0.0
totalCost=5.0E14
Player1Name=Guillou Marc
Player2Name=Jegou Marc
baseDuplicateGameCost=5.0E14
baseRandomCost=0.0
baseBWBalanceCost=0.0
mainCategoryCost=0.0
mainScoreDiffCost=0.0
mainDUDDCost=0.0
mainSeedCost=0.0
secHandiCost=6
secGeoCost=0.0
totalCost=5.0E14
Player1Name=Guillou Marc
Player2Name=Martin Yvan
baseDuplicateGameCost=5.0E14
baseRandomCost=0.0
baseBWBalanceCost=0.0
mainCategoryCost=0.0
mainScoreDiffCost=0.0
mainDUDDCost=0.0
mainSeedCost=0.0
secHandiCost=0
secGeoCost=0.0
totalCost=5.0E14
Player1Name=Guillou Marc
Player2Name=Born Véronique
baseDuplicateGameCost=5.0E14
baseRandomCost=0.0
baseBWBalanceCost=0.0
mainCategoryCost=0.0
mainScoreDiffCost=0.0
mainDUDDCost=0.0
mainSeedCost=0.0
secHandiCost=9
secGeoCost=0.0
totalCost=5.0E14
Player1Name=Guillou Marc
Player2Name=Bonis Michel
baseDuplicateGameCost=5.0E14
baseRandomCost=0.0
baseBWBalanceCost=0.0
mainCategoryCost=0.0
mainScoreDiffCost=0.0
mainDUDDCost=0.0
mainSeedCost=0.0
secHandiCost=2
secGeoCost=0.0
totalCost=5.0E14
Player1Name=Guillou Marc
Player2Name=Boyart Christian
baseDuplicateGameCost=5.0E14
baseRandomCost=0.0
baseBWBalanceCost=0.0
mainCategoryCost=0.0
mainScoreDiffCost=0.0
mainDUDDCost=0.0
mainSeedCost=0.0
secHandiCost=1
secGeoCost=0.0
totalCost=5.0E14
Player1Name=Guillou Marc
Player2Name=Lamôle Laurent
baseDuplicateGameCost=5.0E14
baseRandomCost=0.0
baseBWBalanceCost=0.0
mainCategoryCost=0.0
mainScoreDiffCost=0.0
mainDUDDCost=0.0
mainSeedCost=0.0
secHandiCost=0
secGeoCost=0.0
totalCost=5.0E14
Player1Name=Guillou Marc
Player2Name=Eon Serge
baseDuplicateGameCost=5.0E14
baseRandomCost=0.0
baseBWBalanceCost=0.0
mainCategoryCost=0.0
mainScoreDiffCost=0.0
mainDUDDCost=0.0
mainSeedCost=0.0
secHandiCost=0
secGeoCost=0.0
totalCost=5.0E14
Player1Name=Guillou Marc
Player2Name=Gajdos Chantal
baseDuplicateGameCost=5.0E14
baseRandomCost=0.0
baseBWBalanceCost=0.0
mainCategoryCost=0.0
mainScoreDiffCost=0.0
mainDUDDCost=0.0
mainSeedCost=0.0
secHandiCost=0
secGeoCost=0.0
totalCost=5.0E14
Player1Name=Guillou Marc
Player2Name=Baratou Paul
baseDuplicateGameCost=5.0E14
baseRandomCost=0.0
baseBWBalanceCost=0.0
mainCategoryCost=0.0
mainScoreDiffCost=0.0
mainDUDDCost=0.0
mainSeedCost=0.0
secHandiCost=0
secGeoCost=0.0
totalCost=5.0E14
Player1Name=Guillou Marc
Player2Name=Mizessyn François
baseDuplicateGameCost=5.0E14
baseRandomCost=0.0
baseBWBalanceCost=0.0
mainCategoryCost=0.0
mainScoreDiffCost=0.0
mainDUDDCost=0.0
mainSeedCost=0.0
secHandiCost=0
secGeoCost=0.0
totalCost=5.0E14
Player1Name=Guillou Marc
Player2Name=Donzet Frédéric
baseDuplicateGameCost=5.0E14
baseRandomCost=0.0
baseBWBalanceCost=0.0
mainCategoryCost=0.0
mainScoreDiffCost=0.0
mainDUDDCost=0.0
mainSeedCost=0.0
secHandiCost=0
secGeoCost=0.0
totalCost=5.0E14
Player1Name=Guillou Marc
Player2Name=Giovanni Nicita
baseDuplicateGameCost=5.0E14
baseRandomCost=0.0
baseBWBalanceCost=0.0
mainCategoryCost=0.0
mainScoreDiffCost=0.0
mainDUDDCost=0.0
mainSeedCost=0.0
secHandiCost=5
secGeoCost=0.0
totalCost=5.0E14
Player1Name=Guillou Marc
Player2Name=Brisson Claude
baseDuplicateGameCost=5.0E14
baseRandomCost=0.0
baseBWBalanceCost=0.0
mainCategoryCost=0.0
mainScoreDiffCost=0.0
mainDUDDCost=0.0
mainSeedCost=0.0
secHandiCost=2
secGeoCost=0.0
totalCost=5.0E14
Player1Name=Jegou Marc
Player2Name=Martin Yvan
baseDuplicateGameCost=5.0E14
baseRandomCost=0.0
baseBWBalanceCost=0.0
mainCategoryCost=0.0
mainScoreDiffCost=0.0
mainDUDDCost=0.0
mainSeedCost=0.0
secHandiCost=0
secGeoCost=0.0
totalCost=5.0E14
Player1Name=Jegou Marc
Player2Name=Born Véronique
baseDuplicateGameCost=5.0E14
baseRandomCost=0.0
baseBWBalanceCost=0.0
mainCategoryCost=0.0
mainScoreDiffCost=0.0
mainDUDDCost=0.0
mainSeedCost=0.0
secHandiCost=9
secGeoCost=0.0
totalCost=5.0E14
Player1Name=Jegou Marc
Player2Name=Bonis Michel
baseDuplicateGameCost=5.0E14
baseRandomCost=0.0
baseBWBalanceCost=0.0
mainCategoryCost=0.0
mainScoreDiffCost=0.0
mainDUDDCost=0.0
mainSeedCost=0.0
secHandiCost=0
secGeoCost=0.0
totalCost=5.0E14
Player1Name=Jegou Marc
Player2Name=Boyart Christian
baseDuplicateGameCost=5.0E14
baseRandomCost=0.0
baseBWBalanceCost=0.0
mainCategoryCost=0.0
mainScoreDiffCost=0.0
mainDUDDCost=0.0
mainSeedCost=0.0
secHandiCost=0
secGeoCost=0.0
totalCost=5.0E14
Player1Name=Jegou Marc
Player2Name=Lamôle Laurent
baseDuplicateGameCost=5.0E14
baseRandomCost=0.0
baseBWBalanceCost=0.0
mainCategoryCost=0.0
mainScoreDiffCost=0.0
mainDUDDCost=0.0
mainSeedCost=0.0
secHandiCost=0
secGeoCost=0.0
totalCost=5.0E14
Player1Name=Jegou Marc
Player2Name=Eon Serge
baseDuplicateGameCost=5.0E14
baseRandomCost=0.0
baseBWBalanceCost=0.0
mainCategoryCost=0.0
mainScoreDiffCost=0.0
mainDUDDCost=0.0
mainSeedCost=0.0
secHandiCost=0
secGeoCost=0.0
totalCost=5.0E14
Player1Name=Jegou Marc
Player2Name=Gajdos Chantal
baseDuplicateGameCost=5.0E14
baseRandomCost=0.0
baseBWBalanceCost=0.0
mainCategoryCost=0.0
mainScoreDiffCost=0.0
mainDUDDCost=0.0
mainSeedCost=0.0
secHandiCost=0
secGeoCost=0.0
totalCost=5.0E14
Player1Name=Jegou Marc
Player2Name=Baratou Paul
baseDuplicateGameCost=5.0E14
baseRandomCost=0.0
baseBWBalanceCost=0.0
mainCategoryCost=0.0
mainScoreDiffCost=0.0
mainDUDDCost=0.0
mainSeedCost=0.0
secHandiCost=0
secGeoCost=0.0
totalCost=5.0E14
Player1Name=Jegou Marc
Player2Name=Mizessyn François
baseDuplicateGameCost=5.0E14
baseRandomCost=0.0
baseBWBalanceCost=0.0
mainCategoryCost=0.0
mainScoreDiffCost=0.0
mainDUDDCost=0.0
mainSeedCost=0.0
secHandiCost=0
secGeoCost=0.0
totalCost=5.0E14
Player1Name=Jegou Marc
Player2Name=Donzet Frédéric
baseDuplicateGameCost=5.0E14
baseRandomCost=0.0
baseBWBalanceCost=0.0
mainCategoryCost=0.0
mainScoreDiffCost=0.0
mainDUDDCost=0.0
mainSeedCost=0.0
secHandiCost=0
secGeoCost=0.0
totalCost=5.0E14
Player1Name=Jegou Marc
Player2Name=Giovanni Nicita
baseDuplicateGameCost=5.0E14
baseRandomCost=0.0
baseBWBalanceCost=0.0
mainCategoryCost=0.0
mainScoreDiffCost=0.0
mainDUDDCost=0.0
mainSeedCost=0.0
secHandiCost=0
secGeoCost=0.0
totalCost=5.0E14
Player1Name=Jegou Marc
Player2Name=Brisson Claude
baseDuplicateGameCost=5.0E14
baseRandomCost=0.0
baseBWBalanceCost=0.0
mainCategoryCost=0.0
mainScoreDiffCost=0.0
mainDUDDCost=0.0
mainSeedCost=0.0
secHandiCost=0
secGeoCost=0.0
totalCost=5.0E14
Player1Name=Martin Yvan
Player2Name=Born Véronique
baseDuplicateGameCost=5.0E14
baseRandomCost=0.0
baseBWBalanceCost=0.0
mainCategoryCost=0.0
mainScoreDiffCost=0.0
mainDUDDCost=0.0
mainSeedCost=0.0
secHandiCost=9
secGeoCost=0.0
totalCost=5.0E14
Player1Name=Martin Yvan
Player2Name=Bonis Michel
baseDuplicateGameCost=5.0E14
baseRandomCost=0.0
baseBWBalanceCost=0.0
mainCategoryCost=0.0
mainScoreDiffCost=0.0
mainDUDDCost=0.0
mainSeedCost=0.0
secHandiCost=2
secGeoCost=0.0
totalCost=5.0E14
Player1Name=Martin Yvan
Player2Name=Boyart Christian
baseDuplicateGameCost=5.0E14
baseRandomCost=0.0
baseBWBalanceCost=0.0
mainCategoryCost=0.0
mainScoreDiffCost=0.0
mainDUDDCost=0.0
mainSeedCost=0.0
secHandiCost=1
secGeoCost=0.0
totalCost=5.0E14
Player1Name=Martin Yvan
Player2Name=Lamôle Laurent
baseDuplicateGameCost=5.0E14
baseRandomCost=0.0
baseBWBalanceCost=0.0
mainCategoryCost=0.0
mainScoreDiffCost=0.0
mainDUDDCost=0.0
mainSeedCost=0.0
secHandiCost=0
secGeoCost=0.0
totalCost=5.0E14
Player1Name=Martin Yvan
Player2Name=Eon Serge
baseDuplicateGameCost=5.0E14
baseRandomCost=0.0
baseBWBalanceCost=0.0
mainCategoryCost=0.0
mainScoreDiffCost=0.0
mainDUDDCost=0.0
mainSeedCost=0.0
secHandiCost=0
secGeoCost=0.0
totalCost=5.0E14
Player1Name=Martin Yvan
Player2Name=Gajdos Chantal
baseDuplicateGameCost=5.0E14
baseRandomCost=0.0
baseBWBalanceCost=0.0
mainCategoryCost=0.0
mainScoreDiffCost=0.0
mainDUDDCost=0.0
mainSeedCost=0.0
secHandiCost=0
secGeoCost=0.0
totalCost=5.0E14
Player1Name=Martin Yvan
Player2Name=Baratou Paul
baseDuplicateGameCost=5.0E14
baseRandomCost=0.0
baseBWBalanceCost=0.0
mainCategoryCost=0.0
mainScoreDiffCost=0.0
mainDUDDCost=0.0
mainSeedCost=0.0
secHandiCost=0
secGeoCost=0.0
totalCost=5.0E14
Player1Name=Martin Yvan
Player2Name=Mizessyn François
baseDuplicateGameCost=5.0E14
baseRandomCost=0.0
baseBWBalanceCost=0.0
mainCategoryCost=0.0
mainScoreDiffCost=0.0
mainDUDDCost=0.0
mainSeedCost=0.0
secHandiCost=0
secGeoCost=0.0
totalCost=5.0E14
Player1Name=Martin Yvan
Player2Name=Donzet Frédéric
baseDuplicateGameCost=5.0E14
baseRandomCost=0.0
baseBWBalanceCost=0.0
mainCategoryCost=0.0
mainScoreDiffCost=0.0
mainDUDDCost=0.0
mainSeedCost=0.0
secHandiCost=0
secGeoCost=0.0
totalCost=5.0E14
Player1Name=Martin Yvan
Player2Name=Giovanni Nicita
baseDuplicateGameCost=5.0E14
baseRandomCost=0.0
baseBWBalanceCost=0.0
mainCategoryCost=0.0
mainScoreDiffCost=0.0
mainDUDDCost=0.0
mainSeedCost=0.0
secHandiCost=5
secGeoCost=0.0
totalCost=5.0E14
Player1Name=Martin Yvan
Player2Name=Brisson Claude
baseDuplicateGameCost=5.0E14
baseRandomCost=0.0
baseBWBalanceCost=0.0
mainCategoryCost=0.0
mainScoreDiffCost=0.0
mainDUDDCost=0.0
mainSeedCost=0.0
secHandiCost=2
secGeoCost=0.0
totalCost=5.0E14
Player1Name=Born Véronique
Player2Name=Bonis Michel
baseDuplicateGameCost=5.0E14
baseRandomCost=0.0
baseBWBalanceCost=0.0
mainCategoryCost=0.0
mainScoreDiffCost=0.0
mainDUDDCost=0.0
mainSeedCost=0.0
secHandiCost=0
secGeoCost=0.0
totalCost=5.0E14
Player1Name=Born Véronique
Player2Name=Boyart Christian
baseDuplicateGameCost=5.0E14
baseRandomCost=0.0
baseBWBalanceCost=0.0
mainCategoryCost=0.0
mainScoreDiffCost=0.0
mainDUDDCost=0.0
mainSeedCost=0.0
secHandiCost=0
secGeoCost=0.0
totalCost=5.0E14
Player1Name=Born Véronique
Player2Name=Lamôle Laurent
baseDuplicateGameCost=5.0E14
baseRandomCost=0.0
baseBWBalanceCost=0.0
mainCategoryCost=0.0
mainScoreDiffCost=0.0
mainDUDDCost=0.0
mainSeedCost=0.0
secHandiCost=0
secGeoCost=0.0
totalCost=5.0E14
Player1Name=Born Véronique
Player2Name=Eon Serge
baseDuplicateGameCost=5.0E14
baseRandomCost=0.0
baseBWBalanceCost=0.0
mainCategoryCost=0.0
mainScoreDiffCost=0.0
mainDUDDCost=0.0
mainSeedCost=0.0
secHandiCost=0
secGeoCost=0.0
totalCost=5.0E14
Player1Name=Born Véronique
Player2Name=Gajdos Chantal
baseDuplicateGameCost=5.0E14
baseRandomCost=0.0
baseBWBalanceCost=0.0
mainCategoryCost=0.0
mainScoreDiffCost=0.0
mainDUDDCost=0.0
mainSeedCost=0.0
secHandiCost=0
secGeoCost=0.0
totalCost=5.0E14
Player1Name=Born Véronique
Player2Name=Baratou Paul
baseDuplicateGameCost=5.0E14
baseRandomCost=0.0
baseBWBalanceCost=0.0
mainCategoryCost=0.0
mainScoreDiffCost=0.0
mainDUDDCost=0.0
mainSeedCost=0.0
secHandiCost=0
secGeoCost=0.0
totalCost=5.0E14
Player1Name=Born Véronique
Player2Name=Mizessyn François
baseDuplicateGameCost=5.0E14
baseRandomCost=0.0
baseBWBalanceCost=0.0
mainCategoryCost=0.0
mainScoreDiffCost=0.0
mainDUDDCost=0.0
mainSeedCost=0.0
secHandiCost=0
secGeoCost=0.0
totalCost=5.0E14
Player1Name=Born Véronique
Player2Name=Donzet Frédéric
baseDuplicateGameCost=5.0E14
baseRandomCost=0.0
baseBWBalanceCost=0.0
mainCategoryCost=0.0
mainScoreDiffCost=0.0
mainDUDDCost=0.0
mainSeedCost=0.0
secHandiCost=0
secGeoCost=0.0
totalCost=5.0E14
Player1Name=Born Véronique
Player2Name=Giovanni Nicita
baseDuplicateGameCost=5.0E14
baseRandomCost=0.0
baseBWBalanceCost=0.0
mainCategoryCost=0.0
mainScoreDiffCost=0.0
mainDUDDCost=0.0
mainSeedCost=0.0
secHandiCost=0
secGeoCost=0.0
totalCost=5.0E14
Player1Name=Born Véronique
Player2Name=Brisson Claude
baseDuplicateGameCost=5.0E14
baseRandomCost=0.0
baseBWBalanceCost=0.0
mainCategoryCost=0.0
mainScoreDiffCost=0.0
mainDUDDCost=0.0
mainSeedCost=0.0
secHandiCost=0
secGeoCost=0.0
totalCost=5.0E14
Player1Name=Bonis Michel
Player2Name=Boyart Christian
baseDuplicateGameCost=5.0E14
baseRandomCost=0.0
baseBWBalanceCost=0.0
mainCategoryCost=0.0
mainScoreDiffCost=0.0
mainDUDDCost=0.0
mainSeedCost=0.0
secHandiCost=0
secGeoCost=0.0
totalCost=5.0E14
Player1Name=Bonis Michel
Player2Name=Lamôle Laurent
baseDuplicateGameCost=5.0E14
baseRandomCost=0.0
baseBWBalanceCost=0.0
mainCategoryCost=0.0
mainScoreDiffCost=0.0
mainDUDDCost=0.0
mainSeedCost=0.0
secHandiCost=0
secGeoCost=0.0
totalCost=5.0E14
Player1Name=Bonis Michel
Player2Name=Eon Serge
baseDuplicateGameCost=5.0E14
baseRandomCost=0.0
baseBWBalanceCost=0.0
mainCategoryCost=0.0
mainScoreDiffCost=0.0
mainDUDDCost=0.0
mainSeedCost=0.0
secHandiCost=0
secGeoCost=0.0
totalCost=5.0E14
Player1Name=Bonis Michel
Player2Name=Gajdos Chantal
baseDuplicateGameCost=5.0E14
baseRandomCost=0.0
baseBWBalanceCost=0.0
mainCategoryCost=0.0
mainScoreDiffCost=0.0
mainDUDDCost=0.0
mainSeedCost=0.0
secHandiCost=0
secGeoCost=0.0
totalCost=5.0E14
Player1Name=Bonis Michel
Player2Name=Baratou Paul
baseDuplicateGameCost=5.0E14
baseRandomCost=0.0
baseBWBalanceCost=0.0
mainCategoryCost=0.0
mainScoreDiffCost=0.0
mainDUDDCost=0.0
mainSeedCost=0.0
secHandiCost=0
secGeoCost=0.0
totalCost=5.0E14
Player1Name=Bonis Michel
Player2Name=Mizessyn François
baseDuplicateGameCost=5.0E14
baseRandomCost=0.0
baseBWBalanceCost=0.0
mainCategoryCost=0.0
mainScoreDiffCost=0.0
mainDUDDCost=0.0
mainSeedCost=0.0
secHandiCost=0
secGeoCost=0.0
totalCost=5.0E14
Player1Name=Bonis Michel
Player2Name=Donzet Frédéric
baseDuplicateGameCost=5.0E14
baseRandomCost=0.0
baseBWBalanceCost=0.0
mainCategoryCost=0.0
mainScoreDiffCost=0.0
mainDUDDCost=0.0
mainSeedCost=0.0
secHandiCost=0
secGeoCost=0.0
totalCost=5.0E14
Player1Name=Bonis Michel
Player2Name=Giovanni Nicita
baseDuplicateGameCost=5.0E14
baseRandomCost=0.0
baseBWBalanceCost=0.0
mainCategoryCost=0.0
mainScoreDiffCost=0.0
mainDUDDCost=0.0
mainSeedCost=0.0
secHandiCost=2
secGeoCost=0.0
totalCost=5.0E14
Player1Name=Bonis Michel
Player2Name=Brisson Claude
baseDuplicateGameCost=5.0E14
baseRandomCost=0.0
baseBWBalanceCost=0.0
mainCategoryCost=0.0
mainScoreDiffCost=0.0
mainDUDDCost=0.0
mainSeedCost=0.0
secHandiCost=0
secGeoCost=0.0
totalCost=5.0E14
Player1Name=Boyart Christian
Player2Name=Lamôle Laurent
baseDuplicateGameCost=5.0E14
baseRandomCost=0.0
baseBWBalanceCost=0.0
mainCategoryCost=0.0
mainScoreDiffCost=0.0
mainDUDDCost=0.0
mainSeedCost=0.0
secHandiCost=0
secGeoCost=0.0
totalCost=5.0E14
Player1Name=Boyart Christian
Player2Name=Eon Serge
baseDuplicateGameCost=5.0E14
baseRandomCost=0.0
baseBWBalanceCost=0.0
mainCategoryCost=0.0
mainScoreDiffCost=0.0
mainDUDDCost=0.0
mainSeedCost=0.0
secHandiCost=0
secGeoCost=0.0
totalCost=5.0E14
Player1Name=Boyart Christian
Player2Name=Gajdos Chantal
baseDuplicateGameCost=5.0E14
baseRandomCost=0.0
baseBWBalanceCost=0.0
mainCategoryCost=0.0
mainScoreDiffCost=0.0
mainDUDDCost=0.0
mainSeedCost=0.0
secHandiCost=0
secGeoCost=0.0
totalCost=5.0E14
Player1Name=Boyart Christian
Player2Name=Baratou Paul
baseDuplicateGameCost=5.0E14
baseRandomCost=0.0
baseBWBalanceCost=0.0
mainCategoryCost=0.0
mainScoreDiffCost=0.0
mainDUDDCost=0.0
mainSeedCost=0.0
secHandiCost=0
secGeoCost=0.0
totalCost=5.0E14
Player1Name=Boyart Christian
Player2Name=Mizessyn François
baseDuplicateGameCost=5.0E14
baseRandomCost=0.0
baseBWBalanceCost=0.0
mainCategoryCost=0.0
mainScoreDiffCost=0.0
mainDUDDCost=0.0
mainSeedCost=0.0
secHandiCost=0
secGeoCost=0.0
totalCost=5.0E14
Player1Name=Boyart Christian
Player2Name=Donzet Frédéric
baseDuplicateGameCost=5.0E14
baseRandomCost=0.0
baseBWBalanceCost=0.0
mainCategoryCost=0.0
mainScoreDiffCost=0.0
mainDUDDCost=0.0
mainSeedCost=0.0
secHandiCost=0
secGeoCost=0.0
totalCost=5.0E14
Player1Name=Boyart Christian
Player2Name=Giovanni Nicita
baseDuplicateGameCost=5.0E14
baseRandomCost=0.0
baseBWBalanceCost=0.0
mainCategoryCost=0.0
mainScoreDiffCost=0.0
mainDUDDCost=0.0
mainSeedCost=0.0
secHandiCost=3
secGeoCost=0.0
totalCost=5.0E14
Player1Name=Boyart Christian
Player2Name=Brisson Claude
baseDuplicateGameCost=5.0E14
baseRandomCost=0.0
baseBWBalanceCost=0.0
mainCategoryCost=0.0
mainScoreDiffCost=0.0
mainDUDDCost=0.0
mainSeedCost=0.0
secHandiCost=0
secGeoCost=0.0
totalCost=5.0E14
Player1Name=Lamôle Laurent
Player2Name=Eon Serge
baseDuplicateGameCost=5.0E14
baseRandomCost=0.0
baseBWBalanceCost=0.0
mainCategoryCost=0.0
mainScoreDiffCost=0.0
mainDUDDCost=0.0
mainSeedCost=0.0
secHandiCost=1
secGeoCost=0.0
totalCost=5.0E14
Player1Name=Lamôle Laurent
Player2Name=Gajdos Chantal
baseDuplicateGameCost=5.0E14
baseRandomCost=0.0
baseBWBalanceCost=0.0
mainCategoryCost=0.0
mainScoreDiffCost=0.0
mainDUDDCost=0.0
mainSeedCost=0.0
secHandiCost=1
secGeoCost=0.0
totalCost=5.0E14
Player1Name=Lamôle Laurent
Player2Name=Baratou Paul
baseDuplicateGameCost=5.0E14
baseRandomCost=0.0
baseBWBalanceCost=0.0
mainCategoryCost=0.0
mainScoreDiffCost=0.0
mainDUDDCost=0.0
mainSeedCost=0.0
secHandiCost=0
secGeoCost=0.0
totalCost=5.0E14
Player1Name=Lamôle Laurent
Player2Name=Mizessyn François
baseDuplicateGameCost=5.0E14
baseRandomCost=0.0
baseBWBalanceCost=0.0
mainCategoryCost=0.0
mainScoreDiffCost=0.0
mainDUDDCost=0.0
mainSeedCost=0.0
secHandiCost=0
secGeoCost=0.0
totalCost=5.0E14
Player1Name=Lamôle Laurent
Player2Name=Donzet Frédéric
baseDuplicateGameCost=5.0E14
baseRandomCost=0.0
baseBWBalanceCost=0.0
mainCategoryCost=0.0
mainScoreDiffCost=0.0
mainDUDDCost=0.0
mainSeedCost=0.0
secHandiCost=0
secGeoCost=0.0
totalCost=5.0E14
Player1Name=Lamôle Laurent
Player2Name=Giovanni Nicita
baseDuplicateGameCost=5.0E14
baseRandomCost=0.0
baseBWBalanceCost=0.0
mainCategoryCost=0.0
mainScoreDiffCost=0.0
mainDUDDCost=0.0
mainSeedCost=0.0
secHandiCost=6
secGeoCost=0.0
totalCost=5.0E14
Player1Name=Lamôle Laurent
Player2Name=Brisson Claude
baseDuplicateGameCost=5.0E14
baseRandomCost=0.0
baseBWBalanceCost=0.0
mainCategoryCost=0.0
mainScoreDiffCost=0.0
mainDUDDCost=0.0
mainSeedCost=0.0
secHandiCost=3
secGeoCost=0.0
totalCost=5.0E14
Player1Name=Eon Serge
Player2Name=Gajdos Chantal
baseDuplicateGameCost=5.0E14
baseRandomCost=0.0
baseBWBalanceCost=0.0
mainCategoryCost=0.0
mainScoreDiffCost=0.0
mainDUDDCost=0.0
mainSeedCost=0.0
secHandiCost=0
secGeoCost=0.0
totalCost=5.0E14
Player1Name=Eon Serge
Player2Name=Baratou Paul
baseDuplicateGameCost=5.0E14
baseRandomCost=0.0
baseBWBalanceCost=0.0
mainCategoryCost=0.0
mainScoreDiffCost=0.0
mainDUDDCost=0.0
mainSeedCost=0.0
secHandiCost=0
secGeoCost=0.0
totalCost=5.0E14
Player1Name=Eon Serge
Player2Name=Mizessyn François
baseDuplicateGameCost=5.0E14
baseRandomCost=0.0
baseBWBalanceCost=0.0
mainCategoryCost=0.0
mainScoreDiffCost=0.0
mainDUDDCost=0.0
mainSeedCost=0.0
secHandiCost=0
secGeoCost=0.0
totalCost=5.0E14
Player1Name=Eon Serge
Player2Name=Donzet Frédéric
baseDuplicateGameCost=5.0E14
baseRandomCost=0.0
baseBWBalanceCost=0.0
mainCategoryCost=0.0
mainScoreDiffCost=0.0
mainDUDDCost=0.0
mainSeedCost=0.0
secHandiCost=0
secGeoCost=0.0
totalCost=5.0E14
Player1Name=Eon Serge
Player2Name=Giovanni Nicita
baseDuplicateGameCost=5.0E14
baseRandomCost=0.0
baseBWBalanceCost=0.0
mainCategoryCost=0.0
mainScoreDiffCost=0.0
mainDUDDCost=0.0
mainSeedCost=0.0
secHandiCost=4
secGeoCost=0.0
totalCost=5.0E14
Player1Name=Eon Serge
Player2Name=Brisson Claude
baseDuplicateGameCost=5.0E14
baseRandomCost=0.0
baseBWBalanceCost=0.0
mainCategoryCost=0.0
mainScoreDiffCost=0.0
mainDUDDCost=0.0
mainSeedCost=0.0
secHandiCost=1
secGeoCost=0.0
totalCost=5.0E14
Player1Name=Gajdos Chantal
Player2Name=Baratou Paul
baseDuplicateGameCost=5.0E14
baseRandomCost=0.0
baseBWBalanceCost=0.0
mainCategoryCost=0.0
mainScoreDiffCost=0.0
mainDUDDCost=0.0
mainSeedCost=0.0
secHandiCost=0
secGeoCost=0.0
totalCost=5.0E14
Player1Name=Gajdos Chantal
Player2Name=Mizessyn François
baseDuplicateGameCost=5.0E14
baseRandomCost=0.0
baseBWBalanceCost=0.0
mainCategoryCost=0.0
mainScoreDiffCost=0.0
mainDUDDCost=0.0
mainSeedCost=0.0
secHandiCost=0
secGeoCost=0.0
totalCost=5.0E14
Player1Name=Gajdos Chantal
Player2Name=Donzet Frédéric
baseDuplicateGameCost=5.0E14
baseRandomCost=0.0
baseBWBalanceCost=0.0
mainCategoryCost=0.0
mainScoreDiffCost=0.0
mainDUDDCost=0.0
mainSeedCost=0.0
secHandiCost=0
secGeoCost=0.0
totalCost=5.0E14
Player1Name=Gajdos Chantal
Player2Name=Giovanni Nicita
baseDuplicateGameCost=5.0E14
baseRandomCost=0.0
baseBWBalanceCost=0.0
mainCategoryCost=0.0
mainScoreDiffCost=0.0
mainDUDDCost=0.0
mainSeedCost=0.0
secHandiCost=4
secGeoCost=0.0
totalCost=5.0E14
Player1Name=Gajdos Chantal
Player2Name=Brisson Claude
baseDuplicateGameCost=5.0E14
baseRandomCost=0.0
baseBWBalanceCost=0.0
mainCategoryCost=0.0
mainScoreDiffCost=0.0
mainDUDDCost=0.0
mainSeedCost=0.0
secHandiCost=1
secGeoCost=0.0
totalCost=5.0E14
Player1Name=Baratou Paul
Player2Name=Mizessyn François
baseDuplicateGameCost=5.0E14
baseRandomCost=0.0
baseBWBalanceCost=0.0
mainCategoryCost=0.0
mainScoreDiffCost=0.0
mainDUDDCost=0.0
mainSeedCost=0.0
secHandiCost=0
secGeoCost=0.0
totalCost=5.0E14
Player1Name=Baratou Paul
Player2Name=Donzet Frédéric
baseDuplicateGameCost=5.0E14
baseRandomCost=0.0
baseBWBalanceCost=0.0
mainCategoryCost=0.0
mainScoreDiffCost=0.0
mainDUDDCost=0.0
mainSeedCost=0.0
secHandiCost=0
secGeoCost=0.0
totalCost=5.0E14
Player1Name=Baratou Paul
Player2Name=Giovanni Nicita
baseDuplicateGameCost=5.0E14
baseRandomCost=0.0
baseBWBalanceCost=0.0
mainCategoryCost=0.0
mainScoreDiffCost=0.0
mainDUDDCost=0.0
mainSeedCost=0.0
secHandiCost=7
secGeoCost=0.0
totalCost=5.0E14
Player1Name=Baratou Paul
Player2Name=Brisson Claude
baseDuplicateGameCost=5.0E14
baseRandomCost=0.0
baseBWBalanceCost=0.0
mainCategoryCost=0.0
mainScoreDiffCost=0.0
mainDUDDCost=0.0
mainSeedCost=0.0
secHandiCost=4
secGeoCost=0.0
totalCost=5.0E14
Player1Name=Mizessyn François
Player2Name=Donzet Frédéric
baseDuplicateGameCost=5.0E14
baseRandomCost=0.0
baseBWBalanceCost=0.0
mainCategoryCost=0.0
mainScoreDiffCost=0.0
mainDUDDCost=0.0
mainSeedCost=0.0
secHandiCost=0
secGeoCost=0.0
totalCost=5.0E14
Player1Name=Mizessyn François
Player2Name=Giovanni Nicita
baseDuplicateGameCost=5.0E14
baseRandomCost=0.0
baseBWBalanceCost=0.0
mainCategoryCost=0.0
mainScoreDiffCost=0.0
mainDUDDCost=0.0
mainSeedCost=0.0
secHandiCost=9
secGeoCost=0.0
totalCost=5.0E14
Player1Name=Mizessyn François
Player2Name=Brisson Claude
baseDuplicateGameCost=5.0E14
baseRandomCost=0.0
baseBWBalanceCost=0.0
mainCategoryCost=0.0
mainScoreDiffCost=0.0
mainDUDDCost=0.0
mainSeedCost=0.0
secHandiCost=6
secGeoCost=0.0
totalCost=5.0E14
Player1Name=Donzet Frédéric
Player2Name=Giovanni Nicita
baseDuplicateGameCost=5.0E14
baseRandomCost=0.0
baseBWBalanceCost=0.0
mainCategoryCost=0.0
mainScoreDiffCost=0.0
mainDUDDCost=0.0
mainSeedCost=0.0
secHandiCost=9
secGeoCost=0.0
totalCost=5.0E14
Player1Name=Donzet Frédéric
Player2Name=Brisson Claude
baseDuplicateGameCost=5.0E14
baseRandomCost=0.0
baseBWBalanceCost=0.0
mainCategoryCost=0.0
mainScoreDiffCost=0.0
mainDUDDCost=0.0
mainSeedCost=0.0
secHandiCost=6
secGeoCost=0.0
totalCost=5.0E14
Player1Name=Giovanni Nicita
Player2Name=Brisson Claude
baseDuplicateGameCost=5.0E14
baseRandomCost=0.0
baseBWBalanceCost=0.0
mainCategoryCost=0.0
mainScoreDiffCost=0.0
mainDUDDCost=0.0
mainSeedCost=0.0
secHandiCost=0
secGeoCost=0.0
totalCost=5.0E14
